Hi everyone. We have a special show
right now. We've got uh a couple guests
on screen, a couple guests offcreen. Um
we've got Thaddius here with us. How you
doing, Thaddius?
>> Doing great. Thanks for having me. We've
got our friendly ex-Muslim Abdullah. How
you doing, buddy?
>> I'm doing good. I'm doing good. Very mis
misogynistic of you having only men on
this clean.
>> Well, there are reasons, man. There are
reasons. You know the reasons. Anyway,
so offcreen offscreen we have Mrs.
Friendly ex-Muslim uh Huda. How you
doing?
>> Good.
>> Good. Good. And
>> and we have and we have uh a Muslim
sister who is um involved in uh a
controversy right now. Um Muhammad
Hijab's ex-wife, one of his ex-wives. We
have Aisha with us. How are you? How you
doing, Aisha?
Hi there everyone. I'm good. Thank you.
>> And uh it's good to hear good to hear
from you. The the most obvious uh the
most obvious question on everyone's mind
is going to be why are you talking to
these guys? So while this uh while this
entire thing was
um was unfolding.
Um one of the things you were attacked
for is that uh sometime last year you
tried to contact me and Abdullah about a
situation. Uh, I didn't even see it back
then and if I had seen it, I probably
wouldn't have responded to it. I I would
I would have just been like, I'm not
interested in in behind the scene and
what's going on with the DA guys behind
the scenes and so on. Uh, but that that
has been used to attack you. Um, and so
we saw we've seen that recently with
behind the veils uh exposing uh exposing
the entire situation uh between you and
Muhammad Hijab and how Muhammad Hijab's
been trying to uh cover things up and
lie and blackmail and uh fabricate
evidence and so on. And so we we
basically reached out to you because
there's there's kind of a there's kind
of a power and in and influence
imbalance in all of this in that it's
very easy for a a DA guy with a million
plus followers and another DA guy with a
million plus followers. Very easy for
them to sort of drown out anyone who
would try to expose uh what they've done
and so on. And so we kind of uh offered
you the opportunity if there's anything
we can do to help to help with that. Um
we'd be happy to and you didn't didn't
want to join us for anything but you are
now. So what what's uh what's changed?
Well, um first of I would like to say
that I am uh happy that we are all able
to have a very productive respectful
conversation despite our differences,
despite us subscribing to different
belief systems whether it's sacred or
secular.
Um so I in the beginning I I think there
are a few stages to answer your
question. So uh honestly the first uh
stage where I was reaching out to you
guys um I didn't find any kind of
support from Muslim the Muslim
community. I believe strongly that what
hijab has done was uh ethically wrong
Islamically and otherwise.
And uh I wanted to create a change. I
wanted to stop his uh misguidance, his
wrong influence.
Um and unfortunately I couldn't find any
kind of support or or or platform to to
speak. I tried to sort things out
privately speaking to scholars and
otherwise but that didn't work.
Um then you guys like I I spoke to
Salman, he did great job. I I realized
like like yeah he did a very great job.
He took a very long time to look into
things. Um although I was very very uh
skeptical um a lot of scholars dismissed
my appeal previously but yeah so um I
think the only difference that happened
here is there was absolutely no uh
actions taken after Salman has done
great job. There was no response. There
were no actions taken. There was no
accountability
and uh there was no change. I I was
expecting that at least some scholars
will come out and they will denounce his
teachings because he's claiming that
what he's teaching is a valid opinion
and there are a lot of people who
believed him whereas it's actually a
sexual uh exploitation of vulnerable
women through deception.
Um, so, uh, because I strongly believe
that this voice has to be heard louder,
I evaluated the situation from an
Islamic perspective.
Um, and to be really honest with you,
the only reason for which I wouldn't
collaborate or like, you know, try to
work out together is not because you are
not a Muslim, but obviously we all can
appreciate that you guys, you know, you
attack Islam. You've got your own
perspective on how you attack it and
criticize it. I personally prefer to
have productive criticism between
religions and uh we focus more on on on
you know uh the roots of uh our
scriptures and proving that our
scriptures are divine or not. uh rather
than focusing too much on the you know
uh uh sorry
>> you're good
>> you guys left me you guys left me talk
too much and my English is making me a
little anxious you see
>> uh we think your we think your English
is great
>> okay
>> better than Alias better than Ali Dawas
>> yeah so
so I was saying that um you guys are
criticizing in Islam in in a certain way
and I do oppose that.
>> I even if I were if even if I was
atheist all my life, I personally
wouldn't prefer to do this. probably you
have your own perspective, your own
reasons. I personally believe that
instead of religious doctrines clashing
with each other over ethical
superiority, it's more productive to to
to take a path uh towards critically
examining the authority of the
scriptures whether it's divine or not,
whether it's perfectly preserved or not.
This is for religious uh you know
beliefs. I do oppose uh any type of
blasphemy or mockery of any kind of
religion in fact any worldview.
Um I know that uh you uh David mentioned
in one of your videos that the prophet
sallallahu alaihi wasallam himself uh
mocked in a certain way pagan uh beliefs
by uh destroying their idols. We as
Muslims have our own interpretation of
that historical event, but obviously
we're not going to go into that in this
conversation here. But yeah, so I just
wanted to to say that I am happy that we
are capable of having a productive
conversation, respectful, mutual
respect. Um, and it's a very good
environment to create for our offspring
and uh, you know, a role model
basically. Mhm. So, uh, ju just to just
to clarify, you're saying that last year
last year when you tried contacting me
and Abdullah, it was because you'd con
you tried contacting a bunch of Muslim
leaders and scholars and for whatever
reason they weren't willing to help
either because they agreed with hijab or
because they're scared of hijab. they
don't want to be attacked by hijab
because we know uh how he responds when
people criticize him or they just don't
want to get involved. But you tried you
tried uh finding people to help. Um you
you couldn't find anyone and then you're
basically looking for people. Okay. Who
is willing to say something about hijab?
Oh, that would be like Abdullah or David
or someone like that. So I I I should
talk to them because you've got this
issue that women in the UMAHA are being
sexually used and exploited and you
realize you have to you have to let
people know somehow. You have to let
people know somehow. And so you're
basically saying, hey, even if I have to
talk to these guys, I people need to be
aware of this. And if these guys are
going to help me get the information out
there, then I would even contact them.
Then you fortunately got uh got in touch
with behind the veils guys uh and they
did an awesome job. In fact, I can't
think of anyone on the planet who would
who would do a better job uh than than
they did. I didn't like they they blew
they blew they blew my mind with how
like perfect everything they would they
did uh was. So hats off hats off to
them. But then you're pointing out that
even after like after Muhammad Hijab and
Ali Dawa have been completely exposed
that you would basically think oh all
their lies have been exposed now now the
now the Ummah and now our Muslim leaders
and so on are going to take note and
expose these guys and condemn what
they've done and give a warning to
Muslim women about how people like this
are going to treat them, but you're
looking and it's just like they're just
being quiet about it still. And so it's
like they're still after even after
these guys have been exposed, everyone's
still just being quiet about it and no
one's doing anything and no one's no
one's helping the women. And so now
you're even in a position where okay,
you're kind of back to I'll tell anyone
who's willing to have a conversation
about this what's going on in order to
in order to inform women about what's
what's happening. Is that is that right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So I wanted to
raise this flag once again. I wanted to
make this voice heard uh make this voice
higher. uh there was absolutely no
actions from uh serious action from any
part of any sheh or scholar to correct
the the the teachings hijab was
spreading and except for one uh singular
uh Muslim channel that dissected the the
teachings and his his talks in podcasts
and he started providing Islamic um
resources to uh refute those teachings.
Um so we are not only here talking about
like Muslims and and how they are being
treated Muslim women how they are being
treated and so on. This is this is a
scandal at a grand scheme. We all have
to gather together to fight any kind of
abuse, abuse of authority, abuse of uh
power, any kind of abuse and it's it's
just like really good and it's very
productive and as I said before it's a
role model for our offspring to come to
terms to to understand what is right and
what is wrong in terms of things that we
have in common grounds. Uh yeah. So, um
I believe it's it's extremely essential
for us to to to work uh harder on on
this and if I've got absolutely any kind
of opportunity to fight take this fight
and uh do the right thing, I would
>> and um it's really interesting what you
uh what you kind of mentioned that this
is this can be like a general problem of
I would say like manipulators
manipulators and matter of fact there's
no Jordan Peterson has talked about this
but that you have people
who are manipulators, you have
narcissists, you have psychopaths and so
on. Um, but Peterson points out that
those kinds of individuals, they work
themselves they're they they work their
ways into communities where they're safe
because they can they can use those
communities to shield them from
criticism because uh it'll be like a
community that is
they're they're they're focused on
something they love and you can use
their love for some institution or
something like that to get them to keep
quiet about things. So, like this
happened this happened in the the
Catholic Church famously a a couple
decades ago where there were these
sexual abuse scandals, but people didn't
want to speak out because they didn't
want the church to get a bad reputation.
So, they would just kind of try to deal
with things quietly behind the scenes or
something like that. And then whatever
priest or whatever was was was doing
this, they would just send him off
somewhere else. But then he'd keep doing
it. And so people people finally
realize, no, we can't even though even
though we love our church, we can't keep
quiet about this because we're enabling
abusers. We're helping abusers get away
with it. We can't do that. So even
though it's going to hurt and even
though it's going to hurt the reputation
of something we care about and we love,
>> yes,
>> we have to do it anyway or this
continues and we're sending a bad
message to abusers that you can get away
with it here. this is the place where
that if you really love something, you
should not want it to become the place
where abusers can get away with abusing
women, women or children or anything
else. You don't want it to become that.
And so I would say like the the Dawa
scene right now from the perspective of
like a manipulator or an abuser is like,
"Ooh, this is great. I can go there. I
can get a big following and I can do
whatever I want and no one will ever
call me out or expose me because they're
too worried about hurting Islam and
because and so all the da all the da
fans will jump on a person who tries to
blow a whistle and expose something and
so this is a great place to get away
with abusing women. That that should not
be the reputation that that you want. It
should be this is the place where
abusers will not will not make it and
but it's kind of
>> absolutely
>> Yeah. So anyways, yeah. So, so yeah,
>> yeah. Yeah. I think we all agree on
this. Yeah. Uh it's it's good for us to
take this fight and uh fight on common
grounds against what is wrong basically.
Um yeah, and you are right. They they
are exploiting their their positions and
and and unfortunately we would like to
bring out change. So
>> yeah.
>> Okay. I say
>> I agree.
>> Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. I was going to I
was I was going to ask everyone to sort
of share their initial thoughts, but
Thaddius is the one who's going to kind
of keep me keep me online and keep me
from talking too long and he's going to
he's going to make sure we get we get
through.
>> I was I was going to say that uh you
know I agree with the principle that if
I'm criticizing Islam or criticizing
anyone's beliefs that it should be from
an intellectual standpoint and that is
my natural approach to things. But
unfortunately once I got interested in
Islam I I quickly discovered that the uh
let's say the state o of dialogue was
such that you get a lot more people
listening if you approach things in a a
certain way a certain aggressive way you
get a lot more uh people who are willing
to listen. And since I want Muslims to
listen to what I have to say, I adopted
that approach. But I agree that an
intellectual approach would be
preferable. And certainly no mocking
here today from me. We will be looking
at
why uh here in a second. We'll be
looking at why uh people like hijab have
drawn me into engaging at the at their
level. Let's put it that way.
>> Hey. Yeah. thatus, you do make a you do
make an interesting point in that it's
kind of like it it's the same thing.
It's the same thing with me like when I
started out and you could go back you
could go back to 2005 2006 and so on. I
would present any information I thought
was relevant but I I did it
respectfully. So I would talk about you
know Muhammad and his relationship with
Aisha and so on in response to Muslim
arguments because Muslims back then were
arguing they're arguing you know
preservation of the Quran and scientific
miracles and so on. But one of their
main arguments back then was uh
Muhammad's character is so perfect that
he he has to be from God. And so I
didn't know how to respond to the
argument without actually just going
through and saying, "Okay, do you
believe this is this is morally perfect?
Do you believe that's morally perfect?"
So I but I would be respectful and I was
telling other people back then um I had
an article on answering Islam saying,
"Don't call Muhammad a pedophile. It's
not adding anything to the argument.
You're not making some great point by
that. If you want to present the
information and ask how they want to
respond to that, then do that." But even
then, back back then, being as
respectful as possible, but also
presenting information that a lot of
people didn't want to hear or didn't
want out there, it was uh uh that the
response I would get from people online,
the messages I would get was uh you
know, we're going to kill you, we're
going to do this to your wife, we're
going to do this to your mom, we're
going to do this to your kids and
things. And that made me more
aggressive. that that their goal is to
make me quiet, but the the real reality
was it made me be less nice to you. It
made me be me more more aggressive
towards you. But it's actually when we
get to
um Muhammad hijab where another shift
happens where when when hijab came along
and I saw people like rallying around
him, it was before then I thought, "Oh
yeah, you have these aggressive types
and these guys who are threatening to
kill me and stuff like that. Let me
respond to them. I'm gonna respond to
them and I'm gonna be I'm gonna be mean
and brutal when I'm responding to them.
But I still thought like
other Muslims are nice and stuff like
that and they don't agree with this. And
it was with Muhammad Hijab where I
realized this is actually very
widespread to
>> to cheer for the to cheer for the guys
who are insulting and threatening and so
on. And that's when it kind of changed
where I'm like, you know what? I'm just
not I'm not I'm not even going to try to
be nice anymore unless I'm talking to a
specific person who's being respectful
and like well I will be totally
respectful with you uh all day every
day. Um and when other when I'm
responding when I'm responding to
Muslims who are who are nice and
respectful then uh that's that is how I
prefer to be. But it's just yeah there's
a lot of people with a lot of negativity
and so yeah that point is I agree. I I
agree with you. I wouldn't I do a poll.
I personally I do oppose any kind of
blasphemy whether it's coming from a
Muslim or otherwise and it was any kind
of faith whether it's Jewism, Hinduism,
uh Christianity, Islam, I do hold the
same standard in regards to this
approach and you are right there are so
many duads that are that they are very
mocking they are mocking they are
disrespectful they are mocking other
beliefs and uh I oppose that I don't
subscribe to that and I oppose that I
think that I think That's a very bad
approach. I think people have to be um
uh uh respected like especially like for
example with brother Abdullah and sister
I huda she um like uh you know like any
person who like he's got their questions
they've got their situation
um like in regards to Islam like they
shouldn't be attacked in a way where
like you were always an impostor or like
you've never been a Muslim before and I
have seen this kind of pattern. In fact,
this pattern is used even against
whistleblowers like for example Imm
um anyone who comes out with some kind
of of of criticism or like would like to
bring in out change that is positive.
Unfortunately even these kind of people
they get attacked and we are here I am
here today because I would like to
create this change. I don't subscribe to
these things. I do not believe that
these things are part of Islam. I am
here to uh highlight Islamic teachings
that I believe in and I think in this
particular uh case we all agree about
this this ethics. We all are opposing
these kind of practices.
>> Um I think uh it's it's interesting
everyone here everyone here so the three
oncreen and the two offscreen um what we
all what we all have in common is that
we're all we're all consistent on this
issue. Um, in other words, it's okay. If
you're setting the bar here, then don't
complain when I set the bar here. Like
me, I'm okay, whatever, wherever you
want to set the bar as far as what we're
doing, then I will I will react
according accordingly. You're consistent
and you're saying, "Hey, uh, we
shouldn't be mocking and you shouldn't
be mocking, and so we shouldn't we
shouldn't be uh mocking and insulting."
So, you're consistent. Um the the
difference with like Muhammad Hijab and
Ali Daw and these guys, they want a they
actually want a world where they get to
heap insults and threats and abuse on
other people, but everyone else just is
super respectful and nice in response.
And when that doesn't happen, they lose
their minds. And it's they don't they
don't get it. It's like, hey, if you
want people to be respectful towards you
and your beliefs in a conversation, then
you should be as respectful as possible.
Uh, and so I'll say like when when I'm
blast when I blast away at Muhammad or
the Quran or something like that, I get
I get that I'm forfeiting the right to
say be nice to me in response. It never
crosses my mind to say, "Hey, you're
being mean to me in response." Like,
"Okay, I understand I'm being mean. I
know why I'm being mean." Uh, and so I'm
going to be consistent. It's fair is
fair. If I'm being mean, then you can
then you can be mean and responding to
me and so on. Uh but anyway, yeah, that
and that's what bothers me most about uh
well, not that's not what bothers me
most, but it bothers me a lot that these
guys they want they do want a world
where they get to treat people one way
and everyone else has to treat them uh
uh with respect. And it's kind of a
parallel to you, right? They get to
treat you horribly, Aisha. They get to
treat you horribly and you're supposed
to respond with nothing but admiration
and respect for all of them and to keep
all this quiet. It's like, guys, you you
don't get this world that you want. If
your behavior is terrible, you're you're
you know, it's going to come back on
you. It's going to come back on you. Um
>> Yeah. No, absolutely. I think uh I think
we we all uh have got our own uh you
know, uh ethical paradigm and and I do
greatly appreciate today that you have
set conditions to to to host this
meeting um like like avoiding mockery of
Islam or all sorts. And um based on my
request and uh this was my condition in
making this meeting because obviously I
am still Muslim and just to highlight
that I had uh questions that were
created from the trauma that I have gone
through. However, I'm still um
navigating my my my faith. I'm still
looking into things contrary to have how
how I have been attacked and and and
claim to be uh an impostor and uh an
enemy of Islam. Someone who's been
plotting uh you know and attacking Islam
in hiding. And by the way, an enemy of
Islam is description. It's not an insult
just for clarity. It's it's it's a
description that describes someone who
disagrees with Islam and they are uh
they are attacking Islam, criticizing
Islam in in a s in a way
>> and it was not nice because obviously I
I am a Muslim and I'm navigating my
faith.
>> So um yeah, so I think it's it's good
that we we we are able to go through
this conversation today.
>> Yeah. And uh so yeah, let and we'll go
ahead and start going through some video
clips and covering the main issues. Uh
before we do uh haven't heard really
from uh Abdullah and Huda. So why don't
you guys give your sort of initial
thoughts on anything we've been talking
about as far as like the uh
>> uh as far as the respect and versus
mockery issue and on basically in in
general on the topic we're about to
address with uh with Muhammad Hijab. So
whoever wants to go first.
>> Yeah. Ladies first.
>> A you're so sweet. Um, okay. So, I do
have some thoughts. So, as somebody who
was once a believer, um, first I want to
say that it is never my goal to try and
convince somebody to leave their faith.
That's something very personal. And
Sister Aisha knows this about me. Um, I
I have no desire to make that happen.
What I what I care about is the fact
that she's my sister in humanity. And
like David said, they these guys want to
hurl abuse and insults at you and they
just want you to go away. So that's why
I've been so invested in this story from
the beginning because I knew that she
was telling the truth and I know what
they want to do. They want her to shut
up and go away. And I don't want her to
shut up and go away if she doesn't want
to, right? And she doesn't. She wants to
talk about this. She wants to tell her
truth, right? So that's why I'm here.
I'm here as her sister in humanity to be
here for her and help her speak her
truth.
>> I appreciate that. Thank you so much.
>> Well said. Uh just one thing. Go ahead.
>> No, I'm done.
>> Okay. I was just going to add um yeah, I
won't really focus on the whole like
mocking and criticizing Assam and stuff
because there'll there's a time and
place for that. But I do want to say one
thing. I I think David, you said it
really well and I'm just going to like
kind of add to that which is that we
have atheists, Christians, we have a
Muslim here, we have my wife who's
non-religious. All of us, we're all here
together for one woman who is sister
Aisha and we want to help her. And the
reason for that in my case is because I
feel like there was harm done to you,
right? And very clear harm. And what I
what I've seen is that you know um Aisha
you respected Muhammad hijab and you you
just wanted a relationship with him and
it didn't work out. You know he did what
he did and what what you did is you did
the right thing. you told the truth. But
he he lied. Then he doubled down. Then
he tripled down. Then he quadrupled
down. And he's he's gone and you know to
more and more of an extent of lying and
like covering up his tracks and trying
to trick people and blackmailing. And
there's all of this like he's using all
of his power is 1 million. I mean when
you have a platform I have 100,000
subscribers with my wife. You know I
take that seriously. there's like
there's some, you know, responsibility
here that I don't want to harm anybody,
but he doesn't care. He's like literally
using all of his power that he has as
clout and he's bulldozing his way
through trying to destroy you and trying
to basically remove remove any
possibility that people will believe
you. everything from conspiracy theories
about why was trying to get him Elon
Musk to you know we'll get we'll go
through all the details but just wanted
to point out that you know again the
humanity kind of angle here that you
know obviously David and Thaddius have
the Christian angle of why they're doing
this um I'm not a believer in anything
but I do think that this is wrong what
happened so I'm going to take the time
to go through this obviously we have you
know I believe there's an Islamic angle
but we we won't we won't touch that
today we won't talk about the Islamic
sort of perspective But we will talk
about the human perspective and yeah so
that's my take. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So there they're basically I think
we're all agreeing that there are things
that we can all agree on. Um Christians
Christian we and it is interesting we
have so we have a Muslim two Christians
an atheist and an agnostic. Um all all
in all in complete agreement. It's uh
it's kind of kind of cool. Kind of cool.
Hijab hijab. Muhammad Hijab, you have
you have united the world in agreeing uh
that you're that you're behaving
terribly and you need to be exposed and
that this needs to it needs to be
stopped. All right. On the on the issue
of kind of uh uh mockery and so on um to
set up kind of what's going on um to
kind of before we start getting into
some video clips just talk about the
issue with Muhammad Hijab. Uh, it's
stuff like this. For anyone who's new
here and doesn't know what we're talking
about when we're talking about the
behavior, uh, here's Muhammad Hijab
saying, "I I I believe certain
anti-Muslim women would wish they lived
in the medieval period, a period where
if war was won by the opposing side, it
was conventional that people could be
taken as booty. Some historical accounts
actually say some women would dress up
for the captor." So this is Muhammad
Hijab suggesting that women who
criticize Islam actually are secretly
longing to be conquered so they could be
taken as war booty and that they'll even
be dressing up for their uh for their uh
Muslim capttors like Muhammad Hijab. So
that's the sort of message that he posts
on uh Twitter back in the day. Uh these
are the messages that he was sending to
me and AP. So this is this is hijab
sending messages to AP. Says you two can
play with each other. Get on your knees
for Dwood. That's me. Dwood can
give you a golden shower. Go ahead and
give Dwood what he wants. Uh, let Dwood
give you a golden shower. get on
your knees for your master. Boy, you can
suck that golden show from your master.
Uh, I know you need a slave master.
Golden shower. get on your knees
for your master. Let him slap you in the
face, fiend. So, we get those kind of
messages from this guy. And keep in
mind, the entire time he's demanding
that we show him nothing but respect in
return. And we have to be extremely
respectful towards him and his uh his
religion and his beliefs and so on. U
this is how he was responding to people
like AP back in the day. This this is
how he was talking to atheists back
then. Um I don't know if he still talks
like this. I don't follow a lot of his
messages unless uh it's causing an
uproar. But um if I were an
anxietyridden, hatefilled nihilist
atheist like a apostate prophet, I would
consider ending myself as a serious
option. And that is because the world
offers humans more more pain than
pleasure. The pain of being a coward,
the pain of having no purpose. Just find
a tall building. And he's actually
telling him to uh end himself.
Here we have uh Muhammad Hijab. When
these anti-Muslim attention
Islamophobes need to get on their knees
in intellectual submission before they
are whipped by freedom of speech by the
Twitter Muslims and they reluctantly
open their mouth in protestation to find
they have been defiled. this like this
is so disturbing like um I'm this is
extremely disturbing
these texts are extremely disturbing.
>> Yeah. Yeah. We agree and this is a
matter of fact I'm going to play a uh
just as by way of introduction to
Muhammad hijab and why people respond to
him in a certain way and and uh the
level of hypocrisy. I'm going to show a
a quick video clip about this because I
didn't catch what he was actually saying
when I read this years ago. It wasn't
until AP uh when we when I was live, me,
AP, and Abdullah were live uh years ago
and AP pointed out what he was actually
saying and all this and that actually
that was actually a turning point in how
I was reacting to the online uh to the
online DA guys. Um so he he was he was
responding he was responding
specifically to uh AP's wife in this and
then he encouraged his followers to do
the same. I call upon all the Muslim
Twitter soldiers to work within the full
scope of the law to create maximum
damage to the cause of apostate prophet
and his public figure wife. They are
demoralized and on the ropes. Do not let
the weak-minded Muslims deter you.
Finish them. This was him saying, "Hey
guys, this is how
this is how I'm responding to him. Now
everyone do the same." And how was it?
He was going after he this is back when
he decided to go after everyone's wives.
He went after everyone's wives. So
instead of responding to to AP or
something like that, he would go he
wanted to go after his wife. But it
wasn't just this isn't just how he was
responding to
um non-Muslims.
We would have things like this when he's
in a discussion with his fellow Muslims.
Okay, can I suck your wife to make her?
>> And the response, what kind of
mannerisms are they? Shame on you,
Muhammad. And why is it wrong if he
believes it's halal? And so he's mocking
he's mocking uh yeah just terrible
terrible terrible behavior. But yeah, I
did want to just play one quick video
clip of that because a lot of people I'm
saying this because a lot of a lot of
the DA fans, Muhammad Hijab's fans, Ali
Dawa fans, they don't understand this
simple point that when you see us
reacting in certain ways, that's the
it's a reaction. It's a reaction to what
someone else has done. But when the when
like Muhammad Hijab or Ali Dawa say look
at what these guys have done, they don't
say oh and it's a reaction to what we
just did. They don't say that. They
don't say here's these guys reacting to
this horrible thing we did. They just
say look at look at what these guys have
done. And so
>> yeah, I think there there is another
thing at play here because most of the
time obviously not everybody is on their
screen 24/7. They don't follow follow
absolutely any particular person 24/7.
whatever text, whatever comment,
whatever post, whatever, you know, and
uh I believe that from the M Muslim uh
community, what we get on our feeds is
more of like the the academic work, we
get more of that that that's what shows
up on our feeds uh in regards to
whomever we listen their lectures or
whomever we listen in specific topics.
So um I believe I believe the same thing
happens from the Christian Christian
community as well. When they follow a
certain figure there is specific number
or or or area of of uh you know that
they are interested in that they follow
them for. So I believe this is where
that there is that hidden somehow hidden
part of this person and we don't really
pay much attention to that. That's
That's why it doesn't show up on our
feeds.
>> Mhm.
>> But like things to be said, this is this
is making me feel like I would like to
throw up. Like this is extremely
disturbing. This is extremely
disgusting. I can't believe like like
this guy goes in in ways that are too
much. And I I am here now to to create a
change. And I do hope that there is
going to be change uh in regards to
this.
>> Mhm. And I have to the the reason I'm
bringing this up, the reason I'm
bringing this up is because again in my
mind it's a it's a parallel between the
situation with you, right? It's it's
from Hijab's perspective. I get to do
whatever I want and everyone else has to
keep their mouth shut and do nothing but
respect me in return. That's how he is
with non-Muslims, right? It's hey, I get
to heap insults and abuse on you. I get
to mock you in every possible way. I get
to threaten I get to do whatever I want
and you have to respond. You have to
respond by treating me like a king. But
then in his apparently we don't know a
lot about his relationships with women
apart from but it sounds like the same
thing. I get to treat you however I want
and your job is to just treat me like a
king in response. And when it doesn't
work, he just loses his mind. When
people say no, you don't get to treat
people horribly like garbage and just
and and have them treat treat you like a
king in response. he loses his mind,
which that's a sympto that's a symptom
of narcissistic personality disorder. I
I I seriously believe that he's a he's a
narcissist. But I did want to play this
uh sort of final clip on this. We're
we've got a bunch of clips to go
through, but uh last little clip on this
issue. This this is where things change
because to this day, they complain about
people uh ripping the Quran and things
like that. And they don't know where all
of that started. That started in
response to him going after people's
wives. like it was it was hey you're not
going after people's wives. You are
crossing a line. We will do whatever it
takes to stop you from going after
people's wives. So here's a little clip
of that. We're not I'm not going to show
anything with the Quran or something.
Just want to show this was kind of when
it when it AP explained what we kind of
just looked at and I hadn't seen it. But
here we go. Now we're getting to the
wives. When these anti-Muslim attention
Islamophobes,
When these anti-Muslim attention
Islamophobes need to get on their knees
in intellectual submission before they
are whipped,
before they
>> loves this BDSM theme, eh?
>> Before they are whipped and lashed and
chained up to against the wall
>> by freedom of speech. Keep in I think
right here. I thought he was talking to
us. So, I thought it was funny. I
actually thought it was funny. That's
why I'm joking. I thought that he's
talking to us and I wasn't even paying
attention to the fact he's actually
specifically responding to AP's wife and
that changes the meaning of forcing them
to their knees and whipping them and
making them open their mouths and
defiling them. It changes the meaning
when this is about a when this is about
a woman by the Twitter Muslims and they
reluctantly open their mouth in
protestation to find they have been
defiled.
by the truth. Hey, listen. He said
>> that's me laughing. AP is not laughing
because he understands what this is
about. And I didn't at this point.
>> All of this imagery here, whipped by
freedom of speech by the Twitter
Muslims. So you guys are being lashed
and whipped by the Twitter Muslim. And
you reluctantly open your mouth in
protestation to find that you have been
defiled. No, look, it is it is actually
it is actually worse. And it's it's hard
for me to to speak this out uh to be
very to be quite honest, but he's
referring to my wife. He has a
screenshot of my wife and he's referring
to her. What he's doing here, the
imagery that he's uh intending to put
out here is that my wife, look, he's
he's covering he's veiling it all in
such a way that it is relevant to
Islamophobia and the war between the
critics of Islam and and and Muslims.
But what he's implying here is that when
these anti-Muslim attention
Islamophobes, meaning my wife is the
attention need to get on their
knees in intellectual submission, he
adds uh intellectual to make it to make
to make more of an implication of it to
make it more veiled before they are
whipped by freedom of speech by the
Twitter Muslims. So he's he's implying
here that the free speech by all those
tough Muslim men while my wife is
getting on her knees in intellectual
submission and they reluctantly open
their mouth in protestation to find that
they have been defiled by truth. I don't
want to speak this out but I guess
everyone gets the imagery of what he is
trying to to make here. The the imagery
that he's trying to present here and
this guy is speaking about my wife. He's
speaking of himself and his entire
Muslim community on Twitter. What this
guy is doing here, dear Muslims, dear
very morally sublime Muslims, is that he
is implying that you tough Muslim men
are here. Uh my wife, I will speak as of
her just as a woman. A woman is here go
going on her knees and all the proud
Muslim men are going and and and and
sexually violating her all together. and
my wife is letting that happen to
herself. This is what is being implied
here. This is the imagery here. This is
your morally sublime religion. This is
what you stand for. Muslims, all of you
Muslim apologists, all of you Muslim
apologists out there who are normally so
loud about about uh people who seek
their freedoms, who are so loud about
what schools teach, who are so loud
about when hijabis take off their
hijabs, when women seek their freedom,
when people say the mildest things about
Islam, when Trump issues a travel ban,
which should be traveled, which should
be issued for all of you, for all of
your pathetic countries, when you are
outraged about about these things. And
you are all silent here about this. All
those people who work with Muhammad
hijab, who have worked with him, who are
still with him, who are still friends
with him, all you people who are quiet
right now, you hypocrites, this is what
you stand for. This guy is talking about
rape. This guy is talking about the
imagery of sexual submission of my wife
to this big Twitter mob. What? This is
what this guy is talking about. This is
what you Muslims, all of you, all of you
Muslims who have engaged with these
people who have been part of this of
this whole of this whole discourse of
these whole conversations and who have
said nothing about this. This is what
all of you perverted bastards stand for.
This represents all of you wicked
perverts.
Anyway, the point there was notice how
instantly enraged he became once once
the conversation is, hey, now we're
going to do this and that to your wife
and hijab knew that. And what's a what's
amazing? See that that's a shift
happened in AP there, too. A shift
happened in me right there. A shift
happened in AP. Then it's, hey, if you
guys think this is appropriate and
you're going to prop this guy up as your
hero, do not ask us to be nice anymore.
We're we're done. We're done. We're done
being nice. I am extremely disgusted. I
am extremely disgusted like beyond
imagination. I I can't even believe that
this guy goes to this level in his
conversations
like um I I do think that you are right.
These kind of actions have to be uh
condemned by by scholars and
representatives of of Islam uh according
to how we believe Islam has to be
practiced and their silence is is is
complicity.
>> Yeah. And um Abdullah was there and I
could tell he was uh kind of
uncomfortable in what followed because
uh we started me and AP started going
off and AP was cracking up at me going
off and Abdullah was kind of h
this is bad. This is bad. He he could
kind of say yeah you remember that you
remember that Abdul
>> I very much remember that. Um I'm going
to say that it didn't again I don't want
to get too much into the whole criticism
thing. I'm I think I've shifted my views
a lot since then. But it doesn't make a
difference what whether you rip up the
Quran or don't rip up the Quran. You
still end up in the same boat.
Right. So, but anyways, like again,
we're going to focus on Sister Aisha
here.
>> So, I won't get into that, but I I do
remember that very clearly. Yeah. That
happened.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And so this is kind of this
is kind of leading into the issue that
uh again one you've got people like
Muhammad hijab. We get to do whatever we
want. Everyone else has to do nothing
but respect us in return. But you're you
know you're you're you're talking about
people's wives with threats of like rape
and torture. So what? Respect me,
respect my book in return. And somehow
their minds work like that. But they end
up with this complete uh this complete
system of hypocrisy. It's like a
complete system of hypocrisy. one set of
rules for the Da guys and one set of
rules for um for everyone else. And this
is true in their relations between
Muslims and non-Muslims, but also in
their relations with their wives and
their followers and stuff. They just get
to treat their their their wives and
followers and so on like garbage,
however they want. Uh and everyone is
supposed to um respect them in return.
So So Thaddia, should we check out some
uh video clips here on the issue of
hypocrisy? We have a bunch.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
Oh, I just wanted to say too in response
to that video, as somebody who was on
the other side at one point, I was a
Muslim convert for almost 10 years. So,
when I started to question Islam, I
started to watch your content, David, my
husband's, my now husband, um, AP, all
of you guys, everybody. And um you know
when I used to see this stuff on Twitter
and you guys respond to Muhammad hijab
and I would look at his followers and
you know I would look to see like is
Omar Suliman going to distance himself
from him? Is you know are any of these
other famous imams going to like notice
this and start you know creating
distance because this guy's obviously
problematic. No, it never happened. And
they're aware of this stuff too, I'm
sure. So I'm thinking you know what kind
of community is this? how dysfunctional,
as you always say, for you know, for
somebody like this to still have a
following after all he's said and done.
>> Mhm. Yeah, it is disturbing. And that's
why, you know, hats off again to um
>> to Salman and so on and to Aisha for for
being willing to
>> to to face what they know is coming at
them when they cross these guys. But
also even even back then, um Sajid Lipum
Sid Sajid is no fan of me. Saj does not
like me but uh and I obviously disagree
with him but I can respect him in that
he has spoken up about Muhammad Hijab
and Ali Daw and so on. Same thing with
Knowledge North. Knowledge North was
calling him out back then but uh yeah it
is uh we can we can respect the the the
few that stand up but my goodness it
should be way more. It should be way
more. Um, yeah. So, uh, we've got a
number of clips that have to do with the
with the issue of this hypocrisy and how
they'll change their methods depending
on who they're talking about. They have
one method of dealing with Andrew Tate.
They have a completely different method
when they're dealing with someone
they're mad at or someone who's crossing
them or something like this. So, um,
should I just jump into some of these
clips and then we can all comment on
them?
>> Yep. Sounds good.
>> All right. Let's let's see here. We've
got uh first up we've got Ali Dawa.
>> I was not biased. I heard a story until
I heard the other side and realized that
she was not only lying then she was
allying with the enemies of Islam and
going and giving information to the most
heinous enemies of Islam. Subhan Allah.
>> So
>> can you please just uh let me just make
a comment here because I I can't help.
>> Mhm.
>> So uh Ali he is a D. He uh does dawa to
Islam and he is claiming here that we
have in Islam information that is top
secret and I that should never be shared
with non-Muslims and in case that that
that information is shared from Islam to
non-Muslims that is going to be
catastrophic.
So I I I don't understand what he's
trying to say here. Like what is he
claiming? So, just to be clear, just to
be clear, um, this is him saying at
first he was thinking you're telling the
truth, but then he found out you're
sharing this secret information with
non-Muslims and that puts you in the in
the bad or or fake Muslim category or
something like this, but you're really
really terrible person because you're
you're sharing this secret information
with with non-Muslims. That am I getting
this right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, that's what he claims. That's what
he claims. Yeah. H
>> I I think you know it's kind of
hypocritical because if something
happened in like in many cases you would
go to non-Muslims for help and and
Muslims understand this in the West you
have to go to police sometimes if
there's like abuse or something right
like that shouldn't be seen as a as that
you're a traitor or enemy of Allah or
you're you know ally like well there's
cases where you need help from someone
and you go and reach out to people that
maybe don't agree with you. That's how
the world works. We live like we're all
minorities here in the west anyways,
right? Muslims. And so that should be
like a normal thing. But he's trying to
make it like nefarious. He's trying what
what he's doing is he started the
character assassination already. That's
what he's doing.
>> No, absolutely. Like I would like to to
highlight here like uh the hypocrisy and
like so we've got here Muhammad hijab
who according to what they all claim
evaluated Islam and he concluded that
it's permissible within the the the
Sharia within Islamic teachings to abuse
women and sexually exploit them uh
through deception which again as I said
I believe is extremely wrong and
He evaluated Islam and according to him,
according what he's done, he it's okay
for him to call me a liar. Although that
is baseless. He's got no evidence to
call me a liar because I am not. He's
just calling me a liar rentlessly. And
according to him, he's Islamically doing
good. And uh I had to deal with with
Shu and scholars who dismissed my my uh
like um appeal for help or for
corrections and because they evaluated
Islam and they concluded that it's okay
Islamically okay for for them to act uh
in that way and for me to go and reach
out and after I have tried my best to to
to create the change and do what is
right and and bringing forward justice.
They uh are accusing me of doing
something that is Islamically wrong,
which is reaching out to any kind of
platform in order for there to be
justice, in order for there to create a
change towards what is good. And now I
am being the bad one. I am being the one
who is doing Islamically doing things
that are incorrect.
>> Yeah. I mean ju just imagine a
situation. It's like uh uh suppose
you've got suppose there's a mother and
like her her daughter's drowning or
something like this and she runs to
let's suppose it's a Muslim woman and
like her daughter's drowning in a pool
or something like this. She runs to a
Muslim man. Hey, can you help? My
daughter's drowning. And he says, "No,
I'm not going to help you." And she runs
to another Muslim man. He says, "No, I'm
not going to help you." And then, okay,
well, hey, there's a Christian there.
Christian, will you help? Or atheist,
will you help? And they uh help. And so
on. How would that be? How would that
make you bad? Or something like that.
It's just it's a really weird situation.
But even weirder, it's these guys are
obviously lying about you, smearing you.
They're treating women horribly. They're
treating women like prostitutes. They're
treating their wives like prostitutes.
And then they're they're blackmailing
people. They're um they're photoshopping
screenshots. They're making fake AI
confessions. They're completely lying to
all their followers and justifying it.
lying to their their wives because
they're lying to they're lying to their
first wives about other wives and so on.
It's like this entire system of lies and
then if you actually say, "Hey, I want
to expose this." They sit back in
judgment and look at this evil person
here. Look at this evil per like what
what kind of moral compass do you have
that Aisha is the bad one in this
situation? And you guys who are like the
like the most the sickest most evil
liars I've ever seen in my entire life.
and I've been to prison. Um, you're the
good guys and you're the champions of
virtue. It's insane. I mean, the DA the
DA the DA online DA community is like
massively dysfunctional.
Weird stuff.
>> It's it's an all boys club, right? They
all defend each other and anyone that
tries to go after anyone like they all
defend each other and they'll they'll
they'll do whatever it takes so that
none of them can fall because they in
their eyes they're too big to fail. And
also if one of them fails then how many
others have been doing the same thing
that are the next.
>> So we can't let him fail because if we
do he's going to set an example which is
exactly what sister Aisha wants. She
wants this to stop. She wants this power
dynamic this this this abuse of power to
end for the in the community. But they
don't want it to end. They want the they
want the milk and honey to keep coming.
>> Yeah. In other words, you know, this is
a this is a a serious issue between
Muhammad Hijab and Sister Aisha here,
but it's a much bigger issue and all
these guys understand that this is a
much bigger issue. If she can actually
expose what a DA what a an extremely
popular one of the most popular DAWA
guys on the planet has done and all of
their lies and photoshopping and AI
generated fake confessions and so on. If
none of that works, these guys are all
in danger because a bunch of these guys
have been doing this stuff behind the
scenes and thinking they can get away
with it. So, this is a terrifying
situation to all of to everyone who's
been abusing if you have guess what? If
you haven't been abusing women or
haven't been treating women horribly,
you're fine. You're in no danger. If
you're one of the Dawa guys who's been
treating women like this, and Hijab says
that he estimates that 85% of the DA
guys have been uh in polygamous
marriages and so on. Um but yeah, it's
in it's in all of their interests to
make sure that Aisha and Behind Veils
that that they all lose this that they
lose and are horribly defeated and that
they get the reputation of uh of liars
and um people who are anti-Islam in all
of this. So yeah, it's a it's a it's a
much bigger battle than lots of people
are aware of.
>> And uh
>> and I believe that Sorry.
>> No, go ahead.
Okay. So I believe I have an an Islamic
obligation actually to come out and
speak. So what I am doing I'm doing it
from not only from my own destroyed
emotional and mental and physical
well-being and uh all the implications
that happened you know not only from
that angle but I am coming out to speak
from my own human nature because I'm
opposing this and from an Islamic uh
perspective as well. So according to me
what I'm doing I am fighting for the the
sake of Islam. I am performing an
Islamic obligation
>> and and
>> you know what else?
>> Oh go ahead.
>> Um so I just want to say sister Aisha so
the way like I understand this too the
way you're saying this what you're
telling me is that you have a
conscience. You have a conscience and
the the mind like wants to like confess.
The mind wants to talk about things,
right? And that's why you're here with
us. You want to talk about your
experience. You don't want to just, you
know, let this go away because you know
that there's other women that are going
to be harmed or are being harmed as we
speak. And you're empowering other women
to speak up by by telling your story and
being brave.
>> True. Yeah. Yeah. That's true.
And uh again, that's what's amazing here
is they they put themselves in these
positions, manipulators, narcissists,
psychopaths, and so they put themselves
in these situations where no one can
stand up to them because that person
understands he or she will get crushed.
And so they they get to do whatever they
want.
And
Aisha, I you you had to know what you
were getting into standing up to these
guys and you did it anyway because the
alternative is that they just keep doing
this forever and they that they always
treat women like this.
>> And I wouldn't have allowed that to
happen.
>> Yeah, that's what I mean. Like still the
vast majority of people, even the vast
majority of women are not going to want
to stand up to them just because it's,
you know, even if they know they've been
wronged, I don't want to have my life
destroyed by these guys. So, I'd rather
just take the damage that's been done to
me and and just go quietly live my life
because I don't want to make things
worse by opposing these guys and having
my life destroyed even more. So, to for
someone to actually stand up against
that and say, you know what, I know
these guys are going to come at me and I
know they're going to try and destroy my
lives and I know they have millions of
followers and I know they're going to
they're going to say all kinds of
horrible things about me and lie about
me and everything else and I know tons
of people are going to believe them, but
you know what? I have to do the right
thing anyway. I have to stand up for
other people anyway. Okay, that seems
like that should if if you're just
looking at this from outside, that
should be the you recognize that as the
good person in all of this, the person
who's willing to uh to sacrifice
everything to do the right thing. And
then you've got everyone who's like,
they hate you because of that. They hate
you because of that. If I were just look
if I were looking at that from
completely from the outside, in other
words, if I didn't know any of these
guys, I had no clue what's going on. I
see one person saying, "You know what?
This may destroy my life and they're
going to come at me with everything they
have, but I have to do the right thing."
Versus, "How dare she try to do the
right thing? We will destroy her." I
would be like, "That's that's it's
obvious to me who's good and who's bad
in that situ." Like obvious as obvious
as any as anything in the realm of
ethics could possibly be. And they hate
you for it. It's It's just shockingly
shockingly dysfunctional here.
Mhm. I was just going to
>> I'll say it very succinctly that you're
a hero, right? I think you're a hero for
for doing this, for standing up. I think
Salman's a hero as well. I I think that
the two of you
>> uh and those helping Salman
>> have done something very amazing and
very brave and I I hope that this
inspires other victims of the
>> cover up culture to come forward as
well.
>> And that's part that's part of the
reason that's part of the reason we're
helping. We're trying to help in any way
we can. Even though, you know, this this
will also get you in trouble with these
exact same guys who will use anything as
dirt to throw at you, even when you're
trying to do uh do nothing but the right
thing. But yep, part of part of the re
one of the reasons we are willing to
stand with you through anything is we're
looking at this and going any other
disagreements we have on any issue, she
is clearly in the right and they are
clearly evil here. And yeah, that's
something we can all agree on here. I
was just going to ask uh sister Aisha a
question. And I was going to ask her
like ask you after doing this like this
this must have been tough like you know
living in the community where these
Muslims they they like I mean they
basically worship Muhammad hijab and Ali
Dawa and not maybe not worship is the
right word but they you know they
>> they they vilate these people right and
and you know like going against them in
their eyes especially with all the the
gaslighting and the the victim the
basically victim blaming and all of the
things they're doing. It must be scary.
Like how is it living, you know, in the
community after that after this has
happened to you? How does it feel
knowing that, you know, hijab's goons
are like watching and you know?
>> Yeah. No, look, I uh for me uh this
issue didn't only touch my own, as I
said, my own emotional and uh physical
well-being and everything else in my
life. It has touched upon my faith. I am
a creature, a person who I have spent my
entire life trying my best to understand
my religion and work based on it. And I
preached it. I preached things that I
believed in based on the things that I
believed in the way that I believed in.
And I've been doing this. I I spend a
lot of effort, a lot of of time. I I
felt strongly uh for this for Islam
inside out left right and center
and as soon as there is absolutely
anything that is going to touch
something that I believe in I'm going to
fight against it in a way that is like
you understand is like obviously I'm
going to fight against his his teachings
because I strongly believe what he was
teaching is unislamic
it does not matter to me what what this
takes
It doesn't. I'm going to fight and I'm
going regardless of what he does also
because of the truth. So when we talk
about what he did to me personally, if
he's going to deny that, I'm going to
fight. So whatever kind of fight it
would possibly take even if it is
physical fight I will take a physical
fight against him regardless like you
choose your you choose what what what
kind of fight would you like because I
know that what I'm saying is the truth A
to Z and I haven't lied. I haven't
fabricated. In fact, there is a lot of
ev evidence that slipped in between my
fingers just because I had good
intentions and good feelings and and
trusted blindly and I was honest.
Therefore, if you're not going to be
admitting and you're not going to be
coming out to say the truth and you're
not going to apologize and you're not
going to do the right thing and you're
not going to apologize to the women and
children you have indirectly affected
through your your wrong influence
and you are not going to correct the
teachings that you are wrongfully
spreading. I'm here to fight.
>> And
I think a physical fight would be the
only thing hijab would be willing to do
because he he definitely he's obviously
not willing to do the mubahala. So
all right, let's check out this next
clip. This is Ali Dawa with Omar
>> Speaker. Omar, please come to me. Said
this woman said you attack her abuser.
But before that if you are not here
let's say you are in Morocco in your
country you're going to come back my is
what I have to defend John and say this
is a lie and to prove it
>> are you still
>> how do you know we cannot say
>> no no what does Allah say what's when
Islam that happens is ask to believe it
or reject it
>> to just to clarify it to make sure what
happened
>> first thing is rejection first thing we
need to say is my claim mother why you
reject my claim during the man came to
say my commitment is
So if I tell you the Quran did he not
come and say my I caught my wife
committing dinner. The prophetam didn't
say you're speaking in the said I am
going to lash you for this.
>> Oh but but he told the man you look the
man saw his own wife committing dinner.
He said I'm going to lash you for and
Allah said what he to defend his honor.
>> So what what
why you say why you mention this here?
>> The hel is this. No, the asshel the assh
is
>> the is it's a lie to prove innocent
guilty
>> not guilty to prove innocent. We follow
the
>> this is this is the English course.
>> Okay. So this is Ali Dawa saying that uh
an accusation
even if true should be treated as a lie
until it's it's proven. What what's
going on here that?
>> Yeah. So basically he's saying it's his
Islamic responsibility to say that the
any kind of I mean he uses an example of
adultery. So I at minimum any kind of
sexual sin right uh he needs to cover up
I think he's really saying anything any
kind of sin that you learn of that a
brother has done it is your Islamic
responsibility to cover it up. And
Omar's like no you should like look into
it and figure out who's telling the
truth. That's basically what his
position is. and all he's like, "No,
Islamically, we have to cover it up. We
we have to act like it never happened."
The prophet, a guy accused his own wife
of committing adultery. And and the
prophet said, "I'll I'll lash you for
saying that your wife committed
adultery." So, he's saying basically you
should pretend like nothing happened no
matter what.
>> It's really strange. Even the example
he's using, it's that
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> It's not a good example. Yeah. It would
be whipped if you don't have evidence.
That's what he's saying. So that means
you still have to investigate it. Alida
was just like don't investigate it just
like
>> Yeah. Yeah. And the irony the irony is
which is wrong is Ali himself was
spreading uh the allegations against
Salman that he committed uh adultery.
>> Yeah.
>> Um he himself was spreading this. So
according to his own words, he has to be
lashed because he didn't bring forward
any kind of evidence.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's
>> by the way, one more thing. There's a
reason why Ali Dawa is getting so
defensive over the hijab.
>> It's cuz he did the same thing.
>> Yeah, we know that's all that's all come
out. Yeah. Pretty bad. So yeah. So this
is actually a good example of them
understanding, hey, this this will come
back on me if this starts happening. If
it start if if women can actually accuse
people of stuff and this this goes
around then we're we're all in trouble
here.
>> Yeah. There is a very big point here
that has to be mentioned is like Ali is
is is bringing forward wrong Islamic
teachings. He does not have the right to
call anyone a liar. If you were
presented with whatever and you are not
satis satisfied with the evidence
although we have provided a lot of
evidence and if you are not satisfied
with the evidence you just don't say
anything
don't say anything say I don't know
maybe she's right maybe she's wrong but
you do not have the right to say a liar
that was he he was in first in his
videos he was very decept he was very
deceptive by the way in his videos he
was like I met her in person. I met her
in person. I know she's a liar. As if
meeting me in person is evidence of me
being a liar. You know, I met her in
person. She is a liar. I met So, what
does that have to do with me being a
liar or not? You meeting me in person.
So, first, so first I was telling him,
okay, if you have seen clear evidence
that I am a liar, i.e. you have seen
evidence that uh works opposite to what
I claimed like we are not even asking
you to provide it online it's okay but
at least come out for mubah and and and
because you are saying that I I was a
liar you have seen evidence so now he
stepped back from his position and he's
claiming the reason he called me a liar
is not because he has seen evidence that
works against my claims but simply
because uh he's saying there was no
proper for investigation. There was no
like we he hasn't seen yet the evidence
that proves that what I'm saying is
true. Therefore, I'm a liar.
>> And yeah, I mean, think about how insane
that is, right? Because I I guess the
idea is accusing Muhammad Hijab of being
in this uh secret marriage and uh lying
about things and
accusing Muhammad Hijab of all these
things is a huge issue. Therefore, we're
going to treat it as a lie until you've
proven it to our satisfaction, which
will never happen because nothing's ever
going to be to our satisfaction because
we're always just going to deny it. But
until you can prove these serious
allegations, we're going to accuse you
of being an anti-Muslim
uh liar who's working with the Kufar
against Islam and trying to bring down
the Wait a minute. That's a serious
accusation, too. Why is it okay to toss
out that serious accusation against
someone, especially when you have to
keep lying to to to defend your
accusation, but if someone's actually
telling the truth about Muhammad hijab,
then you're just supposed to ignore it
and treat it as a lie. It's it's once
again, it's just everything is
hypocrisy. It's here's my rule, which
I'll apply when convenient. If someone's
bringing an accusation, treat it as a
lie, when it's convenient for us. uh any
other time you could just toss out
accusations all you want and
nothing but hypocrisy from these guys.
>> We didn't get to that point yet where
we're going to talk about Imam Nick and
stuff, but like the problem here is that
the community, you know, if you're
complaining that, you know, people are
going outside of the community for help.
Well, deal with the problems then when
they come to you, they these people are
coming to you, these women, whatever the
situation is, and no one's dealing with
it. So it's it it's not being solved by
the community. That's why they're
seeking support from outside of the
community. I mean, if you think about
Wisam Sharif who was arrested for child
pornography and whatever he was doing,
you know, like exploitation of of
children and all that, it was the FBI.
Are Muslims going to defend that and
saying he like Vasam Sharif is like um
he's a D, right? And he so the are they
bringing down Islam by going to the FBI?
Like if if people know this was
happening, they should be going to the
police and like reporting it. But is
this considered working with the enemy
as well? Like come on. Like guys, it has
to be like a a point where you
understand that if someone's being
wronged, it doesn't matter who you go
to, right? Justice is justice. Whoever
helps you helps you. The point is to to
fix the wrong. It should be the the
focus, not about, you know, keeping
these guys on a pedestal.
>> And you're right. And there there's
another parallel right there in what in
what you're talking about. It's like I
mean think about what we were talking
about earlier with like Muhammad hijab
and all these things he's saying and
then eventually going after people's
wives and so on. And that basically puts
us in a situation to deal with it. Why
are we dealing with it? Because the DAWA
community did not deal with it. They
could have dealt with it and made him
stop acting like that and we would have
never gotten to this point. It's kind of
like, hey, it's it's kind of like I'm
sitting here in a situation where, look,
you guys can deal with this situation.
We'll give you years to deal with this
situation. You're not dealing with this
situation. You're cheering him on and
he's getting worse and worse and worse.
Guess what? If you're not going to deal
with it, I'm going to deal with it. And
then you're going to get mad about the
way I'm dealing with it. But why am I
dealing with it? Because you're not
dealing with it. You're you refuse to
deal with it. You prop him up. You put
him up on a pedestal no matter what he
does and how evil it is. And that's
putting us in a situation where we have
to deal with it. And then you get mad
that we're dealing with it, but you
wouldn't deal with it, right? I'm I'm
pointing that out because it's exactly
the same the same dynamic with with
Sister Aisha and Muhammad. It's she
tries everything to get them to deal
with it and they won't deal with it.
They won't they all want to sweep it
under the rug rug and you get exactly
the reaction of Ali. We're treating
everything as a lie. Well, what's he
saying? He's saying there's no scenario
where we ever deal with this stuff ever.
We're always going to sweep this stuff
under the rug. Well, okay, people are
going to go to someone else to deal with
the deal with the issue. And then you
get mad at whoever deals with the So
Aisha goes around to all these different
shakes and so on. No one will deal with
the issue. She eventually gets to uh
Salman and so on. They do they do deal
with the issue. What happens? They hate
them for it and they declare war on
them. It's like, well, if you guys had
dealt with the situation, Salman would
would have never dealt with it. It's
because your community wouldn't deal
with it. That's why he's dealing with
it. And you hate him for deal you hate
him for doing what you guys refuse to
do. And then now Aisha's with us and
she's going to be attacked again. Why?
Be- because you guys will not deal with
the situation. And even after it's
exposed by behind veils, you still won't
deal with it. And you're still letting
helping these guys get away with the
same thing. And so now we're calling it
out. And so what who are you going to
get mad at? You're going to get mad at
Aisha. You're going to get mad at us.
Why? Why? Why is why is there never the
slightest bit of self-reflection saying,
"Huh?
Because we refuse to deal with these
situations and we side with the abuser.
That's why everyone else has to deal
with the problem. So why are we getting
mad at them for dealing with the problem
when we're a bunch of cowards who refuse
to deal with it? That's how it should be
anyway.
>> Yeah. And Salman is part of the
community, but he's not part of the
immediate UK community that that where
the problem should have initially been
solved. The European the what is it? The
Muslim EU council. I don't know if they
did anything either. Um Hamza,
he has not said anything. Not made any
statement about hijab sap like he him
and hijab work on Sapion Institute. He
should have said something at this point
like this is like a very public issue
again. Nobody said anything. It's like
silence
except defending him.
>> I was
>> Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. So I I was I was at
least expecting that there would be a
correction Islamically from an Islamic
Jewish prudence from Islamic teachings
just very formal at least very formal
correction. This is the least I was
expecting. Without that I went crazy. um
that that affected me spiritually. I
couldn't believe it. So I'm like, okay,
if these things the the right Islamic
teachings are not going to be spread out
loud, we need to come on common grounds.
Although I I understand you guys don't
don't uh believe in the Islamic
teachings or whatnot, but thank you for
providing this platform. I am here to
shout out that the Islamic teachings,
Muhammad Hijab has gone against them.
He's not a practice in them.
>> Yeah. It uh it it seems and I just this
is just me thinking about how Muhammad
Hijab talks when he's discussing these
issues. It seems like he's always
thinking what is the bare minimum that I
am required to do and what and how can I
use that to get away with all kinds of
things. That seems to be his mentality.
Not what is the right thing to do or
what is the good thing to do or how is a
good virtuous person supposed to act. It
is what is the minimum that I have to do
and he'll go to different scholars. Let
me find a scholar who gives like the
bare minimum. And all these other
scholars that say I have to do more. I
don't care about them. Let me find a
scholar to justify what I'm doing so
that I can get away with it. And if
anyone criticizes me later on I say,
"What are you talking about? There's a
schol." Yeah, you can find a scholar who
will say almost anything. And so if
that's
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a This is
This is weird stuff. All right, let's uh
let's check out Let's check out some
more videos on this hypocrisy issue. Uh
so let's check out how everyone this was
a couple months ago, but uh Sneo Sneo
went over to Shik Asamalhake's house and
uh said he had something that was
bothering him. and uh shake a malhake ah
you caffer and he starts saying that if
you have a doubt if you have a doubt
then uh then you're a caffer get out of
my house and things like that and then
and then sne talked to Ali Dawa and
Shikman and they had a completely
different uh completely different
response so let's check this out
okay and yeah
>> I don't I don't think he even understood
my question right away I think that he
heard me say the word doubt and he
probably deals with a lot of people who
ask him questions and he It gets
annoying. But okay, let me put it like
this here. Even if you came to me, if
you came to me today in front of the cab
and said, "Bro, I have a bit of a
doubt." I'm not going to come and say to
you, "How would you in front of the
cabba? How you having a doubt?" I have
to assume the best and say, "Hold on a
second. It can be a doubt. There's
nothing. Look, doubt. There's two things
you do."
>> So that doesn't make you a cafer to have
a doubt.
>> No. Okay.
>> You hear this? No. You're fine if you
doubt. You're fine if you doubt. We're
going to say this. We're pointing this
out because it's going to be a very
different reaction depending on who's
doubting. Man, if that's the case to me,
I've left Islam. When I first came,
there were some questions I asked. Bro,
the you do two things with doubts. And
I'm mentioning this for those who have
doubts. Number one, you have a doubt.
And what you do is you let that grow.
Number two, you say, "I have a doubt. I
want to go to a person of knowledge and
I want to ask and say, I have a genuine
doubt."
>> So, Ali Dawa is recommending as advice.
Um, you got two basic ways. You could
just let the doubt grow or you can
actually go to a person of knowledge and
say, "Hey, I have I have doubts." and so
on. And so he's saying Shik Assam
al-Halakim is wrong in the way he
responds to someone saying, "I have a
doubt. You should feel comfortable going
to people of knowledge and saying, "Hey,
I have doubts about this. Can you help
me with my doubts?"
>> That's correct. And I I would suggest
going ahead and playing the the next
clip right away because the contrast is
quite obvious.
>> He's not going to completely contradict
himself and be a total hypocrite. Right.
Let's see.
>> Definitely not.
>> Okay. So, I just wanted to point it out
everyone. You heard it here from Ali
Dawa talking to Sneo. It's okay if
you're having a doubt. You don't condemn
someone for having doubts. Ali Dawa even
says he had doubts when he was, you
know, early on in his uh in his journey
as a Muslim. So, Sneo shouldn't be
ashamed of having doubts. What do you
do? You do the right thing and you go to
people of knowledge.
She has been on multiple da life
channels of da wise uh brother bra
hashimsur shahazim and many of these
duat with shubahhat about the Quran
>> subahhat that's doubts right
>> yep let me let me let me back this up
yeah
>> so hang on this is is this specifically
about Aisha sister Aisha
>> it is about Aisha
>> okay so so he's yeah I just wanted to
make sure because I wasn't sure he was
just randomly attacking uh a a woman
here in this in this clip So this is
him. Hang on. Hang on. So let me get
this straight. Ali Dawa. Ali Dawa. Sneo.
You have a doubt? No problem. Just of
course you got to go to people of
knowledge. You got to go to people of
knowledge. That's what you do. And here
he's condemning sister Aisha for
bringing her doubts up to people of
knowledge and asking about them.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. Let me back this up one want. No
interruption. This is incredible.
Thaddius. You you compile these, right?
Yeah, but Aisha helped me find them.
>> This this is uh amazing. This is such a
wow.
>> This ties Yeah. This ties into what Huda
um that video he did about celebrity
converso.
Do what you want, man. Do what you want.
Doubt all you want. Just still go around
propping up our religion. Oh, she's
criticizing Muhammad. Then how dare she
have doubts? How dare she have doubts?
She's not even a Muslim if she has
doubts.
>> How did she ask questions? How dare she
call into shows that were Muslims?
>> Yeah. Hey, hey, some of some of some of
these clips like especially this where
it's like just like night and day
depending on who he's talking to. These
would be good for like like shorter
videos or shorts or something like that
to expose the hypocrisy. Just so you
know, in case you want that, Thaddius
has all these clips he can
>> Oh, what were you saying?
>> You know, um I was going to say um
sister Aisha and I are on different
sides of the spectrum here. She's still
a believer. I'm not. But honestly, I
mean, this is kind of what happened to
me, too. I had something traumatic
happen to me. I started to have doubts.
Um, there were things I started to
notice and realize and everybody I went
to door shut in my face. So, now I'm
here, right? So, that's kind of how my
outcome was regarding doubting. So,
yeah.
>> So, let's check out what Ali Dawa is
condemning sister Aisha for. She has
been on multiple da life channels of da
wise uh brother hashimsur shahazim and
many of these duat withahhat about the
Quran doubts.
>> What's that?
>> She's so awful. She has doubts. She's
calling in to ask a question.
>> But did you see how he said I want to I
actually want to play it again. But oh
my god. This is the worst thing anyone
could ever do. Can you imagine having a
doubt? What kind of Muslim would have a
doubt? It's like you just told Sneo it's
fine. You just said it's fine cuz he's
cuz he's an important he's important
influencer.
>> Oh boy.
>> Well, this is evil stuff. Let me back
this. This is what a hypocrite man.
>> She has been on multiple da live
channels of dais brother Hashimur
and many of these duat with about the
Quran
>> doubts.
That shows her sincerity and she's
trying to solve her doubts. That's
that's what you're supposed to do.
>> That's what I mean. Like I agreed with
him over there like someone Sneak. Hey,
what if I have a doubt? What am I
supposed to do? Well, two thing. Well,
you got two options. You could just let
the doubt grow. Or you could actually be
smart about it and go to people of
knowledge and ask them. What's he
advocating? He's saying if you have a
doubt, go go ask someone who who know
who's got the answers. What is she
doing? She has doubts. So, she actually
he's condemning her for asking people
about her doubts and and asking
knowledgeable people about this. And
that makes her evil. This is this is
crazy, man.
>> Sarah, could could I ask you? Um, so in
terms of the
>> So Sarah, that was uh that that's you
there.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's me. I I just I'm just
comfortable using whatever names. I
don't pay much attention to that.
>> You don't you don't have to you don't
have to justify using different names
when we know what you're dealing with.
>> I use a lot of names. I have a lot of
names. I use a lot of names on social
media which way beyond what was
presented just
>> you know I'm just making them
comfortable you know like you understand
like if they you are blaming me for
using two or three names different I I
I'm using 10 sometimes 20
>> yeah yeah yeah we we are not so I mean
just I mean just look at this look at
how we react if you're on their bad side
if you're on their bad side look at how
they will attack it makes perfect sense
to use different names to uh
>> uh unfortunately there's uh there's a
stigma about asking questions. That's
what he's you know like so if you know
people some people actually some people
might be comfortable using the name and
asking questions and some people are not
and that's okay. There's nothing wrong
with that. Like there's nothing wrong
with hiding your identity. You have the
ability to hide your identity if you
want to. When you're asking questions
like this it's it's very fair, right?
>> Yeah. I mean look look it's like they
look at you like you're a bad Muslim if
you say you have a doubt about
something. if you have a doubt about the
Quran or something like you're a bad
Muslim. So,
>> yeah. Like I I don't understand this
name issue because like I'm like like
I've got questions like why wouldn't you
focus on my question? Like was I
disrespectful?
Yeah. Was I was I was I like what is it
like? Was I disrespectful? Was I uh like
is it blasphemy? Is it disrespectful? Is
it I'm asking questions and I was in
purpose giving a lot of time to them. I
was trying my best not to talk over
them. They told me, "Please email us." I
emailed them. They didn't reply. I did
book courses, by the way. I did pay for
courses that I wanted. I'm still getting
information about the question I had and
I'm still looking into it. The the issue
here is the way he was approaching this.
And all of this was dealt with in
private. This is a private matter. I've
got questions. I'm dealing with them. So
why are you exposing that to the public
as if it's a crime?
>> That's true. That's
>> good point.
>> Yeah. Especially especially when
completely different standards for
someone else. Uh but let's go ahead and
see what he's blasting you for having
doubts about. An sister Sarah, could
could I ask you um so in terms of the
Quran and its preservation, do you have
an issue with that or are you convinced
that the Quran is preserved?
>> Well, I'm trying to understand here,
right?
>> But I'm just asking you I'm just asking
you in terms of
>> Yes, I do have an issue. Yes, I do have
an issue. Like as I said in the
beginning, all of all of it.
>> So, she had a doubt and what did she do?
She went to people of knowledge and
according to Ali Dawa that makes her the
bad one. Bad Muslim. Bad Muslim bringing
your doubt to a person of knowledge
which is exactly what he told Sneo to
do.
>> Can I ask contrast quite
>> Go ahead.
>> I was just going to say the contrast is
is quite striking that Sneo did go and
ask it about his doubt and he's like,
"Oh, no, no, no, no. That was right.
That was right." And then uh Aisha was
going and asking about her doubts in a
very anonymous manner even right like
not trying to criticize Islam trying to
hear what they have to say and suddenly
oh you can't do that you can't ask
questions that proves that you're
working with the enemies of Islam
>> crazy stuff
>> didn't Ali Dawa say in that video too to
Sneo that you're supposed to let your
doubt grow and then address it so it's
not even just like an initial doubt it's
you should let it grow.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I couldn't I couldn't tell I
couldn't tell what he went what he meant
there because he's not the best
communicator in the world. But uh yeah,
you can interpret that two ways. So he
said you could he said do two things.
One, let it grow. Two, um go to a person
of knowledge. And I I interpreted it as
you got two options here. One, you could
let it grow and that's bad. So the other
the better alternative is going to a
person of knowledge. But yeah, as far as
what he said, it sounds like it sounds
like what you just said, like first let
it grow. Let it fester. Let it become
this huge thing and then go to a person
of knowledge, which just sounds weird.
Why would you let it grow? Why would you
not try to just jump on it?
>> I I guess he means maybe like don't
suppress it because they want like he's
telling Sneo he wants him to ask
questions. That's what I'm getting from
that. But yeah, it's the total opposite
of what he's told Sister Aisha here.
>> Yeah. And I just want to add one thing.
Can we can we just comment on the fact
that
>> they went out of the way to find clips
of her asking questions
>> about Islam as a way to shame and
publicly humiliate her? Like what the
heck?
>> Like you took all this time to make her
look like some devil.
Like how how dare you?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That's true.
like I I believe that was very private
that no one would have known that the
faith is a private thing. I am asking
questions. I have enrolled myself into a
lot of courses and I have sent emails
privately. I had onetoone conversation
even with Farid response and I was
basically just trying to do the right
thing. I don't even understand why is
this brought up to the public.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> Yeah. I mean, espec especially I mean,
if he were consistent on it, that would
be one thing. If it were um, hey, it's
always wrong to bring up your doubts to
a person of knowledge, but it's it's
it's not. He says, "Of course that's
what you want to do. Of course, that's
the right thing to do, Sneo, cuz you're
an important influencer. Be comfortable
in in expressing your doubts." Uh, but
then he'll turn right around. Look, this
is the most evil behavior. Think about
the message that this sends to anyone
who has a sincere question that they
want to ask to knowledgeable Muslims
like, "Hey, I'm having a doubt about
something someone has said about Islam.
I want to actually contact you guys and
look at this evil person." That's
sending a message to everyone else. And
the message is if you have a doubt and
you express that doubt and you try to
get clarification, you're a horrible
evil Muslim. Well, what's that mean?
That that tells people to bottle things
up and never ask about them. But it's
the exact opposite of what he told Sneo.
This is this is weird. This is
>> This is very alarming, by the way. Is
like, how did you find out that those
are my accounts?
>> That's a lot of work. They did they put
a they put a lot of work into making you
look bad. And think about all the work
that and like like uh faking and and AI
generated fake confession, photoshopping
stuff, all their videos and they're the
ones who are exposed as as complete
liars and all this. But yeah, this is
this is just sick evil stuff. Like
whoever's doing this has to like let me
put it this way. Whoever I don't know
the specific person who's doing it, but
whoever is photoshopping that
screenshot, he knows he is lying and
being evil and deceptive. And the people
who are using they know that maybe later
people who are just getting it and are
seeing it they don't know and so they
might be they might not know that
they're helping spread deception and so
on and like the person who actually
makes the fake AI generated conf that
person knows that he is lying about
someone and right here when they're
going through all these clips they know
they know they know we're we're looking
for anything to throw at this woman to
discredit her even if it contra even If
we contradict what we just said when we
said, "Oh, this is perfectly acceptable
to have doubts." And what do you what
are you supposed to do? Go to a Muslim.
Go to a knowledgeable Muslim. What does
I should do? Exactly what you would tell
Sneo. And that makes her evil. So that's
a that's the point. These guys know
they're being deceptive. And why doesn't
it bother their fans at all? That's
seriously disturbing.
>> And this was before any of the Muhammad
hijab stuff, right, Sister Aisha? This
video, you were just generally asking
questions.
>> No, no, no. It was not general. This was
because of what Muhammad hijab has done
to me.
>> Right. But is that before the public
knew?
>> Oh yes. It was before the like this this
was while uh I think this was while uh
Salman was dealing with the with the
case.
>> Right. So what so what Ali Dawa did was
backbite you which is another major sin
in Islam.
>> Yep.
And
uh I should just point it out that this
is all caused. This is all caused
because Muhammad Hijab treats her in a
certain way. Uh is not willing to do the
right thing. She goes around to various
Muslim scholars. Uh no one is willing to
help. People are willing to cover it up,
sweep everything under the under the
rug. No one's no one's willing to do the
right thing until she gets to like, you
know, uh Salman and so on. But uh early
on, no one's willing to do the right
thing. And this actually causes some
doubts. What look the the these are the
guys who've been telling me about how
great this religion is and look at how
they act. Wait, maybe I need to ask some
questions about what I can trust and not
and not trust. That's perfectly normal.
That's perfectly normal.
>> It's about truthfulness. It's about
truthfulness and honesty and
trustworthiness.
>> Yeah. And so it's that same situation
again. It's you guys are causing the
problems and then blaming people for the
problem that you cause, right? Like
hijab, you're the one who your behavior,
you cause the problem and then you get
mad at how someone reacts to the pro.
You cause well not just this problem
with you cause all kinds of problems.
Hijab and then you get mad with the
reaction to what you and you don't
realize it's you that's doing this. It's
you that's doing this. It's it's anyway
this is this is sad stuff. This is sad
stuff. All right, let's go on.
Let's go on. And so we're going to see
the hypocrisy again when it comes to
uh the the hero of the DA fans a year
ago, but not so much anymore, Andrew
Tate.
>> He's never said anything, which takes
you out of the realm of Islam.
>> He called himself God. He's he's talking
about Andrew Tate here
because keep in mind guys, this is long
after Tate is calling himself God and
Lord and all this stuff and talking
about you. He's never did anything that
brings him out of Islam. What What do
you
>> I don't know what to do. Hallelujah.
>> He's never said anything which takes you
out of the realm of Islam.
>> There are a few things culturally. Yeah,
there are a few things that he said that
I mean like I spoke to him privately
about and he clarified like for example
some people have brought up this thing
that he says that we worship let's go
and worship Jesus something like that a
few things like that
>> um on the record I did speak to him and
he said I said this in this way and I
meant this and that's why I think a lot
of people that have come and
excommunicated him I've always said no
actually I've spoken to him privately
and he's clarified this
>> reminded me the one he said lord he said
I'm a lord call me the lord
>> yeah some things like that
>> and I spoke to them he goes well because
you'll laugh in in my when I was younger
they used to be like MC's and Ray call
me the dawn call me the lord it was a
slang word so when a lot of these
non-Muslims say that they don't think
>> it's a don lord I'm the man king I know
the term he was saying he goes bro I
didn't know I didn't mean that he's even
sometimes he's refuted him by tweets
>> so what what don't you agree with him
like
>> I mean like
>> by the way everyone everyone catch this
is these guys defending this uh what's
his name Tam Khan or something like that
this is Sam Khan defending himself
defending tape for calling himself lord.
He's like, "Oh, yeah. Back rear front is
not a big deal. It's not a big deal."
Just kind of, you know, it's just kind
of like bragging and stuff like that.
>> Um, so what I mean, yeah. What's t he's
constantly posting video videos of him
uh surrounded by uh ladies wearing
almost nothing and so on. He just did
>> he just did something He just did
something with some porn star, something
like that. He just did some sort of uh
discussion with some porn star. He's
calling himself He's calling himself
lord and this and that. He's Oh, there's
no there's nothing nothing puts him
outside of his love. So what's Yeah,
well we'll correct him privately behind
the scenes. Why? Why are they that is
not how they would treat Aisha if she
did anything? Could you imagine if Aisha
had you know
>> oh I am I am Lord. I am Lord. What
>> this is their primary argument against
>> that's the main argument. I know what
you're thinking
>> is is that she said I saw hijab like a
god saying like how much you respected
him. clearly a figure of speech
and that's the proof that she is not a
Muslim. No Muslim would ever say
anything like that. Andrew Tate not says
something like that. Says something far
clear, right? I am God. And they're
like, "Ah, no big deal."
>> Yeah. You know, come on. Do guys brag.
Guys brag. You know, and it's fine. And
what again? What's the difference again?
It's the same difference with with Sneo.
Sneo important influencer that we need
to keep on our side. And so we can't
push him too hard or he might leave. Uh
Sneo, same thing with Andrew Tate. You
can't push him. You can't. Matter of
fact, that's what they eventually
decide. Hey, we don't want to push this
guy because what it matter of fact, this
was it's not in this clip, but this is
where he says, uh, what do you want to
do? Keep pushing him. And then he
becomes like David Wood. And uh, so he
actually used me as a as a warning about
what you could become. But I mean, just
just think about that. It's completely
different rules depending on how
important you are.
Mhm. This this amazing stuff. Anyway,
slow
>> got friendship with certain people I
can't stand.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't hate them. I don't know them,
but they're
>> talking about the far right.
>> Yeah. The far right. Their views. I
always gun them.
>> Yeah.
>> If his opinion, but is that taking him
out of Islam? Let's let's let's
differentiate.
>> Yeah.
>> Support culture and Islam. He's not said
anything which will take him out the
realms of Islam. Firstly,
>> where there's many Shia who says things
worse.
>> Yeah.
>> And people just respect them over that.
You know, you could have a Shia who will
say something about Did
>> you catch that? Andrew Tate. Yeah. He
calls himself God. He calls himself Lord
and stuff. He does all this stuff, but
you know, hey, the the she is she is
bad. She is bad. This is their reasoning
on this. Why? Why they shouldn't be uh
they shouldn't be blasting away at
Andrew Tisha or the Sahaba, which is
much worse.
>> People saying, "Oh, they're still
Muslim." This guy,
>> I don't know. some stance and I know he
rallied up a lot of hate and um I purely
know when I spoke to him he goes bro I
was in America when I was on a podcast
with PBD when I thought my timing is
different I didn't know
>> and yeah I'm stubborn he's stubborn
people just think once they say it then
that's it that stuff we don't agree with
I don't agree with like publicly with
doing sins and stuff but I mean to be to
be fair I agree that it's not taking
anyone out of Islam and you know all
that kind of stuff but I think there's
one element here which
um this element called teli.
>> Okay,
>> I just uh I'm looking through some of
Andrew Tate's old tweets that I had that
I taken screenshots. Some of the ones
are talking. But anyway, the first one I
the first one I pulled up when I pulled
up Andrew Tate's old tweets, um he says,
"Your crimes upon earth are numerous.
You have wasted human years plagued by
cowardice. You will burn in divine flame
to pay for your sins. God knows me. God
trusts me. That's why God will always
choose me to fight. I am God's power on
earth.
Now, I know he has other ones where he's
calling himself Lord and stuff like
that, but that that's Tate calling
himself God's power on earth.
So, he again, we've had we've had tweets
where where he's where he's he's called
himself Lord, things like that. And
then, of course, God's power on earth.
And they're they're fine with that.
>> Okay. Which is like this idea of allying
with somebody who's now there's there's
two kinds of things. I don't want to go
into a big detail about it but like so
for example in the time of the prophetam
there was a man called
and this guy was basically a sahhabi and
he was he was also a bed so he went to
bed with the prophet Muhammad wasallam
and the when fatka happened the conquest
of Mecca the prophetam kept it secret he
said we're not going to go into Mecca
until you know it's going to be a
surprise it's going to be the conquest
is going to be a surprise so half had
family members in Mecca
that he was afraid that when the Muslims
come in, some of the new soldiers were
going to be like violent and stuff or
whatever. So, he went because he feared
for the family, he went and told his
family members like, you know, that uh
the prophet's going to come in and and
there's going to be a conquest.
>> Everyone everyone just getting the the
story. It's uh there's the conquest of
Mecca. Muhammad has his followers uh but
they're about to go into Mecca and some
of the some of the guys on Muhammad's
side have relatives in there and this
guy's concerned about his family because
they're about to fight and so on. So
what does he do?
>> In a sense he is aiding the enemies of
Islam over Muslims. But the majority of
scholars of Islam have always said this
does not take him his because the
prophetam forgave him and he didn't say
he was a kafir. And in fact um what the
scholars say about it is that because he
didn't do it because he aided them. Yes
he aided the enemy of Islam but he aided
the enemies of Islam because of a tribal
reason of a family reason of a dunya
reason. Basically
>> that is
>> so that's a very important point.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it is
>> that by talking with the enemies of
Islam, as long as you're not doing it
for intent to harm Islam schol most of
the scholars, hijab says have concluded
that that's allowed.
>> As long as it's for your own reasons,
right, you're good
>> for a good reason. Basically, a good
reason. If you have a good reason, so go
a matter how did he not destroy their
entire case with sister Aisha right
there, right? I mean,
>> right,
>> everyone paying attention? Is everyone
paying attention? If you if you if
you're missing if you're missing
anything, don't miss this. Hijab just
said. So, keep in mind these are people
who are fighting the Muslims, right?
They're fighting the Muslims. They're uh
Muhammad and Muhammad is about to fight
the people of Mecca. They'd been at war.
They'd been at war. And someone who is a
Muslim on Muhammad's side says, "You
know what? I'm worried about my family
whom we're at war with. Whom we're at
war with. I want to go and warn them to
be careful uh about this fight and to
stay out of harm's way and so on and
Muhammad forgives him. Why? It's just
you're trying you're trying to do the
right thing. You're not you weren't
trying to harm the um you weren't trying
to harm Muhammad and his arm. You
weren't trying to do that. That wasn't
your goal. Your goal was to there
there's you're you're trying to do the
right thing and you're just not sure
what to do. And so you weren't trying to
do anything evil. How does this same guy
not realize is sister Aisha trying to
destroy the ummah with with what she's
doing by talking to us? No, she's trying
to do the right thing and help some
Muslim women by exposing this stuff. So,
how in the name of common sense would
Hijab not spot the hypocrisy right here
and say, "Wait a minute, she's the one
doing the right thing, so she would be
forgiven." And hijab and Ali, they're
the ones who are being completely evil
and making this all about themselves.
They're the ones who would not be
forgiven.
>> Yeah, I think there is um an echoing of
the same um um there is a pattern of the
same behavior uh probably in one of the
clips that are going to play next
because he was addressing the topic of
marriage and uh he was um claiming he
was he was claiming that the sisters
were uh correcting other uh brothers
behavior into towards marriage. They
were correcting that behavior. He was uh
accusing them of uh flirting flirting on
on the verge of of kufur.
>> Oh yeah, I have a I have a clip. It's
short. Um yeah, I wasn't sure exactly
what it was what it was about, but yeah,
Thaddius sent me a short clip. Let's
just play it real quick. It's short.
Matter of fact, I'll probably play play
it twice. Let's see.
>> An early indication as to Muhammad
Hijab's misguidance on Mat's matrimonial
is this video from a few years ago.
>> Uh who's that? Knowledge. That's
Knowledge North.
>> That's Knowledge North. Yes, that's one
of his videos on uh the hijab scandal.
>> So guys, you're hearing Knowledge North
uh in his video about them and then it's
going to it's going to cut to them.
>> An early indication as to Muhammad
hijab's misguidance on matters
matrimonial is this video from a few
years ago. It's a reaction to an earlier
video from the honest tea talk podcast.
And I do believe that this video it uh
definitely satisfies the the threshold
of reputation.
>> However, when we evaluate the sisters's
honest tea talk for what it is in
context after accepting the lady's
repeated caveats and disclaimers, we
don't find anything Islamically
objectionable save a few awkward
sentences which we'll get to in due
course. But according to Muhammad hijab,
the women were
>> virgin on kufur
>> and
>> flirting with disbelief
>> as if partaken in the destruction of
Islam itself.
>> So what what's what's that about in in
context? Uh Thaddius or or Aisha?
>> Yes. So basically uh hijab and Ali Dawa
they they did a video where they watched
through uh the honest tea podcast there
and they b some you know women were kind
of speaking honestly about how they felt
about their relationships and whatnot
and uh because they said as uh uh
knowledgef says a few awkward sentences
right a few things that you know need
some explanation that aren't exactly
completely clear what they mean on the
surface instead of like giving them the
benefit of the doubt and figuring out
what they meant, you know, having
private conversations with them like he
did with Tate to, you know, figure out
what Tate really meant behind it. He
says they're basically committing Kufar
that they're on the verge of leaving
Islam because they said a few things
that he didn't like the way they phrased
it. Oh,
>> okay. Okay. So, the idea here is when
it's Tate and he's calling himself Lord
and God's power on earth and all this
stuff, it's let's get let's constantly
give him the the benefit of the doubt
wherever possible and always assume the
best and always assume he he doesn't
really mean what he's saying and he's
just using a you know some slang from
when he was a teenager and uh but then
if it's someone else it's you see
they're on the verge of Kofer with this
what a poorly worded statement or
something like that.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. No, so they were advocating they
were advocating for uh good behavior,
good treatment uh from husbands
and basically he doesn't like that. He
thinks that like some some of the words
they are using and like he's very alert.
He's very sensitive. He's in defense
mode and he's so scared that someone is
going to uh refute uh like wrong
practices that are done within
matrimonial
um
you know relationships.
>> So it's the same thing over and over
again. If it's Nico having doubts, yes,
Sneo, we roll out the carpet for you. Go
ask go ask knowledgeable Muslims.
They'll help you. That's what you that's
what you do with your doubts. If it's
sister Aisha having a doubt about
something, you see this proves she's
pure evil. And then here it's, oh,
Andrew Tate, he's claiming to be God in
27 different ways and telling people to
worship Jesus and so on. Uh, that's
fine. You just got to understand, you
just got to try and get get to what he
really means by these things. If it's
women saying, "Hey, we want better
treatment for ours is basically Kofer.
This is Kofer."
And one of the most messed up things in
all of this is like how you could be
treated if you're some sort of
whistleblower if you try to expose
something that they don't want
exposed. And I wasn't even familiar I
wasn't even familiar with this, but I
got this from uh heard this from from
Thaddius, but you've got this Imm
Nick. And this was
this was just a horrifying horrifying
situation. But let's go ahead and check
out a couple clips about Imam
Nick who as far as I could as far as I
could tell seems like a hero and was
treated like he's the worst person in
the world. Let's see.
>> Absolutely.
>> In the fall of 2018, I was working as an
imam in the
>> Wait, so Abdullah, you're familiar with
this?
>> Yeah. Huda, you want to talk about Imam
Nick? She's made a whole video on him.
Just quickly summarize what's going on
here before.
>> So I um I'm familiar with Imm. Um, I
became familiar with him uh over 10
years ago now when I first converted and
he used to post a lot of hadith on
Snapchat and talk about it and he talked
about being a convert. So, I've actually
spoken to him a couple of times about
just, you know, hadith and Islam and
stuff like that. So, um, when this whole
scandal happened back in 2018,
um, I mean, this is how Imam Nick is. He
stands up for what is right. So he
disappeared and over the years I've
wondered what happened to him and then
this resurfaces where he talks about
what life after being um you know shut
down by by Yaserkatti Omar Suliman Yaser
Viras all of these guys in the Dawa
community they basically shunned him and
>> oh they were all invol I just thought it
was like his like couple people at his
mosque or something. No, he literally he
went to Yaserati Omar. He talked to all
these guys. He's like, "Listen, this is
what's happening in the community."
Suhee Webb. Yeah. Listen, this is what's
happening in the community. Like, we
need to talk about this. They were like,
"No." And they refused to touch this
with a 10-ft pole. They refused and he
got shunned and it was hard for him to
find employment. It was hard for him to
survive. He has a wife and I think four
kids. So, um, he actually had a couple
of different GoFundMes. Um, one was by
Salman. That's also how I know Salman's
a good person because anyone who knows,
you know, Imam Nick and wants to help
him is a good person in my eyes. So, um,
yeah, actually in one of my videos, I I
helped bring awareness to his GoFundMe
and we raised a couple thousand dollars
for Imam Nick. So,
>> so he got kicked out of a mosque when he
exposed um sexual abuse basically.
>> Yeah, we're Yeah, he's about to he's
about to say that. So yeah, I just uh I
wasn't fully paying attention, but I was
uh cuz I was just I was I was checking
out the clips as I'm as I'm getting them
ready. But yeah, I just thought this was
like a couple people in his moss who had
a problem with it. But this is that is
bad if it's everyone else cuz
in the bit that I've heard, guy sounds
like a legendary hero. That's what he
sounds like. And so if he if they throw
him under the bus, my goodness. But
let's go and check this out. In the fall
of 2018, I was working as an imam in the
director of outreach for the Islamic
Center of Irving, one of the largest
Islamic centers in the country. While I
was on vacation in the mountains of
Colorado, I received multiple missed
phone calls from a community member. And
upon returning, they stated that they
urgently needed to speak with me. After
returning from vacation, I met with him
on that Thursday, and he explained to me
how he witnessed an elderly man
inappropriately touching a child at the
center. And when he got up to confront
the man, he ran away. Later that day or
the next, the community member witnessed
a teenager threatening the same old man
for touching his younger brother. The
community member explained how the
confrontation was stopped and that he
along with the older brother of the
victim, family members of the
perpetrator, met with members of the
board to discuss the situation.
>> Everyone got this so far? So, he hears
he hears there's a guy who is behaving
inappropriately with a child. And then
as he's uh going back, he finds out now
someone else uh and an older boy is is
going after this guy for messing with
his younger brother. So this is like a
pattern of behavior with the guy. He is
he is abusing children in the mosque and
Imam Nick finds out about it. During
this meeting, the events were discussed
and the board members were presented
with a picture of the victim who had a
golf ball-sized bruise on his cheek from
where the old man was forcibly sucking
on it and some
so they had photographic evidence he's
sucking on a little kid's face and this
gets presented to the board of the
mosque.
>> Twisted manner either by fear,
manipulation or incredible stupidity. It
was agreed that this matter would be
squashed and that the family would be
given a few days to get the elderly man
back to Pakistan. After being informed
of the situation, I requested as much
evidence as I could from the
>> What's that?
>> They um they instead of dealing with it
with the proper way, which is
authorities, they snuck him out of the
country.
>> Yeah. And what's Yeah. What's he going
to do there? That's that's the problem
with that's the problem. And it and it
goes back to fortunately this was
eventually addressed in the Catholic
Church, but it was a similar problem
where we don't want to cause a big
ruckus. let's just ship this guy off
somewhere else. Well, he's going to go
do the same unless he's unless he's
dealt with that problem. He's going to
go do the same thing somewhere else.
That's why you have to deal with the
pro. And we know it makes you
uncomfortable. We know it can be an
embarrassment. We know it can be it can
be this horrible ordeal. You have to
deal with it sometimes. You just have to
otherwise it just continues. So anyway,
and by the way, it's it's the what we
were talking about earlier is about
people working themselves into the
situations. This guy is a sexual
predator of children. He ob obviously I
mean this is all I've heard about him
but obviously he has worked himself into
a situation where even if I get caught
they're not going to expose it because
they don't want to be embarrassed
and you can't you can't you can't have
your mosque being the place for that
that you can't you got to deal with it
anyway and and imam Nick realizes that
and he tries to deal with it watch what
happens
>> witness who also provided me with the
picture which showed the clear evidence
of the abuse it just so happened that
the following day would be our
congregational prayers for which I was
scheduled to deliver the sermon the next
morning I went directly to to the police
department where I reported everything
that I knew. I then went to the Islamic
Center where I delivered the sermon
which subsequently went viral, exposing
the issue to the community and
denouncing the actions of the board.
>> So obviously he's going to be the hero
of the of the mosque and the um for for
standing up and not letting people sweep
this under the rug. Right. Right.
Everyone
>> should be should be.
>> My sermon the president of the
institution grabbed the microphone to
calm everyone down. He explained how he
appreciated me and my efforts to bring
these types of issues to the attention
of the community. He confirmed that they
knew of this incident and that they did
their own investigation, that they
brought it to the attention of the
parents who did not want to inform the
police. He tried to state how this was
just a big misunderstanding and how I
didn't have all of the information and
so it didn't exactly happen the way that
I had related it. This narrative was
later used as part of the smoke screen
to present the idea that this was just
some sort of cultural misunderstanding.
He stated how there would be no
repercussions against me for bringing
this issue to the community.
>> No repercussions?
Like, how are you even talking about how
are you talking about repercussions
against him? How's that even How does
that even brought up?
>> Repercussions against Oh, don't worry.
There's not going to be any
repercussions against you. We're going
to mess up your life.
>> How dare you? You went to the police.
How dare you?
>> This is bad.
>> That's basically my sermon.
>> Yeah, it was bad.
>> Along with his reaction were all
streaming live and uploaded to both
Facebook and YouTube. It was almost
immediately deleted and then
miraculously uploaded again to a
community activist organization's
Facebook page called Face. It was then
put into a shortened and condensed
version which went viral on Facebook and
then the full version again was uploaded
on YouTube. The next day I was put on
administrative leave and I was told not
to come back to the center. After about
2 months eventually I was told to come
back to the center but that I was to
stay in my office and to not interact
with the community. After a short period
of time I was told that I no longer had
to come into work. I was officially let
go and my contract expired. Throughout
this process there was next to no
support locally or nationally from
anyone in the community of any
meaningful value.
Um, we've got two more short clips of
Imam Nick, but I have to say, uh, Imam
Nick, I'm not a Muslim.
Lots of Muslims do not like me.
Understandably, I'm not going to be a
hypocrite. I understand. I understand
why you wouldn't like me and so on. I
have to say you did absolutely the right
thing and you should be regarded as a
hero for standing up for
kids and for not just sweeping this
under the rug and passing on
a a an abuser of children and passing
him off to go ab abuse other children
somewhere else. Um
so you're a hero legend status. Check
out two more clips to see what else he's
pointing out about this. So if doing the
right thing puts me in line with the
wrong people that you don't like, I
don't care if the only help I have to
save a drowning boy is somebody who you
find.
>> I said that earlier.
>> And I'm sure you could think of some
names.
>> Hey, I said that earlier,
but now it sounds like he's talking
about people like us.
Okay, let me back that up. That's funny.
I normally say if I was if I'm in a if
I'm in a burning building and I'm in
there with an atheist and because I I
had to say this because people for years
always why are you why are you friends
with AP? He's an atheist. And so I was
like what what are you talking about? We
agree we're both under a death sentence
from the wait we we we we
want both of us. They want they're
they're attacking both of us. So we're
on the same page here. Yeah. So I imam
Nick is absolutely correct guys. I don't
care if you're Christian, Muslim,
atheist, you should have a problem with
this sort of abuse and you should want
it exposed. So, he is right. It's such a
weird situation. I would understand if
he like uh you know there's some there's
some private matter that could be
resolved between one guy and another and
you don't run to the police over. If
it's if it's someone who is abusing
kids, that is not something you just
send the guy send the guy to a different
place for. You got you got to deal with
that. So, yeah. All right, let's check
this out. So, if doing the right thing
puts me in line with the wrong people
that you don't like, I don't care if the
only help I have to save a drowning boy
is somebody who you find appalling. And
I'm sure you can think of some names.
I'm not going to not act because I'm
afraid of how you will think it will
reflect on me because of who you think I
associate with. Point number seven, that
I made Muslims look bad. Well, if your
Islam is grabbing children's crotches
and sucking on their face or covering up
for those who do, I didn't make you look
bad. I merely put a mirror in front of
you.
>> And the mirror doesn't make you look
bad. It just shows you who you are. And
I have nothing to do with whatever
version of Islam that is.
>> You want to make Muslims look good, you
should have done the right thing. You
should have said something. You should
have done something. My Islam doesn't
care how you think or how anybody else
thinks it looks. You have the
opportunity to do the right thing. One
of my best friends from college who's a
Roman Catholic and knows a thing or two
about this sort of stuff said to me,
"Man, you served up your community a
grand slam and they struck out."
>> Wow. Wow. One more one more clip of him.
I have to say, wow, dude. Dude is a dude
is a hero. And
look how he's been treated. And I got
one more clip of Iman Nick here.
>> Oh, we were just having a blast.
Obviously, I lost my job. We moved
across the country. I had no money. My
only car got totaled. We were homeless
for a period of time. We ended up living
in somebody's attic, sleeping on the
floor, living out of
>> Wait, this is all because he exposed
this situation. All this stuff happened.
>> He because
>> basically it became unemployable.
>> Yeah. Because he went to Medina and his
Islamic teachings like that's his like
basically, right?
>> Oh, okay.
>> Shake.
>> And he's also um originally from
Massachusetts, too. So he was living in
Texas. So I think he had to move back to
his home state because you know how are
you going to ever become an imam again
in Texas after that or period.
>> Yeah. I mean if you going
>> Go ahead.
>> I was going to say I think it implies
that secular jobs wouldn't hire them
either, right? They they'd be in the
employment process. They'd Google or
their name. They just see a headline
headline about sexual abuse in the
mosque and so on. Yeah. whistleblower.
He said they don't like whistleblowers.
They like it. They just don't want to
hire them.
>> Yeah, cuz you don't want someone who's
run into the cops over anything, even if
it's something serious. Wow. Wow. So, he
uh he stood his ground. Let's see.
>> My only job opportunity was 100%
commission as a door-to-door sales guy
when I'd never sold a single thing in my
life. God knows how many times I've lost
employment opportunities because
somebody Googles my name and just reads
the headlines without digging deeper to
find out what actually happened. Cuz
everybody loves a whistleblower, just
not in their organization. Now I'm
living the American dream like everybody
else, scraping by every month just
trying to make rent. Throughout these
past 5 and 1/2 years, there was
absolutely no support. The amount of
people that even reached out to me or
talked to me on a consistent basis, I
could count on one hand. And the vast
majority of them don't respond to my
calls anymore. My
>> What's that?
>> Salman.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Um
>> I I wanted to highlight that just right
now. I just um was about to highlight
that. Um it's the exact same pattern
with Salman, Abu Ayah, a few others. And
uh basically we have to highlight uh
those who give a good representation of
of Islam. I personally this is how I
feel and I think it's an extremely
horrible heinous practice and I it was
practiced on on uh brother Abdullah and
I think Huda as well um like when a
certain moment of time in their lives
they were you know accused of things
that they have absolutely nothing to do
with they were accused of being
imposters of their lives they were never
Muslims before
so this is disgusting and I strongly
believe that it has to change.
>> And I'm I'm going to say too like in the
Muslim community in the world of uh Dawa
and all these celebrity imams and and
such and such, you know, there's very
very very few Imam Nicks out there that
will, you know, his GoFundMe that we we
helped uh spread awareness about Imam
Nicks. um the the person who set it up,
he said it best that um he sacrificed
all and then some for his community. And
he truly did because this destroyed his
life by sticking up for children.
>> This is a it it's such a weird situation
because when we're all hearing this,
Christian, atheist, whoever, when we're
hearing this, we're thinking this guy
this guy's a legend. This guy's a hero.
This guy should be celebrated. Wow.
And what do we find out? And his life is
destroyed because of it. And it's like,
what? Wait, how is this guy How's this
guy not how's this guy not propped up as
like a a hero in Islam, a guy who was
willing to sacrifice everything to
protect children. And yet they attack
him. And yeah, this is connected to
everything else. Look at look at what
they do with Salman. What's Salman
doing? Trying to trying to trying to
help people. Salman is trying to help
people who otherwise uh are going to be
left behind and so on. Um, and so he's
the he's the bad guy. Aisha trying to
stand up so that other women aren't
abused like she was. She's the bad one.
This is this is seriously dysfunctional.
>> Also, David Salman shared his
fundraiser.
>> Yeah. No, that's cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. No, that's awesome. So, this is
all right. There's a few more seconds to
see.
>> Was utterly shattered. my religious and
spiritual observance went into a
complete and utter tail spin. Next to no
one reached out to assist me at any
point in time or even check in like,
"Hey man, how you doing? Where you been?
Haven't heard from you in a while." And
the ones who did weren't from our
community. And for those of you that
think that now is a good time for you to
reach out and say, "Hey, brother. How's
it going? I'm sorry I haven't talked to
you in a while. Just wanted to check
in." That ship sailed. I spent five hard
years trying to figure out how to
navigate this path on my own. Most lone
wolves separated from the pack die. I'm
sure for some of you it will come with
some irritation to know that this one
still lives. This situation helped to
weaken an already broken individual. My
spiritual practice fell to the point
where I was ashamed of my own existence.
Wow.
Dude's a hero. Dude's a hero. Shame on
everyone who threw that guy under the
bus. Shame on you. Shame on you. Shame
on you. Shame on you. And shame on you
if uh if you pounce on that guy for
defending children. If you uh if you
attack Salman for standing up for
people, shame on you if you attack Aisha
for standing up for herself and for
other uh women who have no defense from
these uh DA guys and so on. Shame on
shame on all of you. You guys have a
really screwed up community that you
need to fix and you need to listen to
the people who are trying to fix it. Um
all right, guys. So, we uh we have we're
going to have to do a part two cuz we've
been gone for a while and we still got a
lot of stuff to go through. We've uh
kind of just scratched about we
scratched the surface. We we gone
through about we've gone through about
half the stuff that we wanted that we
wanted to cover, but yeah, we're going
to have to have a part two. Oh, we just
want to make sure everyone everyone has
an opportunity to share any final
thoughts. Uh Huda Huda, what do you um
final thoughts on any of this for as far
as part one?
As far as part one goes, um h well I'm
glad that the uh the mega mosque, these
Muhammad hijabs and Ali Dawas and all of
these people um all this dirt is getting
unearthed and exposed because what's
under all this flowery da stuff. It's
very very rotten and awful. And I'm I'm
glad that uh that people like Sister
Aisha are speaking out and Salman and
Imam Nick.
>> All right. And uh so I honored uh I
honored Abdullah's uh I remembered
Abdullah's ladies first um saying from
earlier earlier in the stream. So, we
got Huda and now uh Sister Aisha, any
final we'll we'll have more to say in
part two as we go through some more
videos and so on uh going through the
hypocrisy of these guys, but uh uh final
thoughts on anything or uh anything we
covered in part one?
>> No, no, absolutely. Um, thank you so
much uh for uh getting together for this
good cause and I probably would just say
um again uh ree echo what I said
earlier. Um so I'm saying that I'm
calling everyone who's engaging in um uh
spreading their own world views and
their own ideas, their own perspectives
to address each other with mutual
respect and uh to uh overlook the method
of mockery or otherwise. um that would
just like you know create uh an
environment of hatred and uh create
later on uh consequences socially that
wouldn't really be appreciated.
Um again I it was really good. It was a
very good representation of um um
collaboration uh regardless of the our
differences and u uh personal beliefs.
Um, so thank you so much for having me
today.
>> Now um you have uh
we we've been we've been so we've been
following the we've been following the
story and it goes back long before um we
were aware of because we didn't know
what was going on last year and so on.
But uh the basic uh timeline is you had
the situation with Muhammad Hijab. you
tried to get him to so at first you're
trying to get him to basically be be a
man and treat you how you should be
treated. He refused and so on. Um so
eventually you go to various Muslim
scholars try to get them to uh help you
deal with the situation. Uh they don't
you eventually find uh Salman behind
veils. uh they are they were happy to
help you and they did again I cannot
imagine anyone doing a better job uh
having to deal with this situation. So
they did an awesome job. Uh but with
that said even after everything's been
exposed
people still aren't kind of basically
acknowledging it. It's like, okay,
that's done. Now, let's just move on.
And Muhammad Hijab gets to be the
champion of Omar. Doesn't look like it
like there's anything's going to change
except for maybe maybe these guys will
be a little more careful what they're
doing behind the scenes. Um, but that's
not helping. They're still, it seems
like they're going to be doing the exact
same thing. So, you're coming on with us
to try and draw more uh more attention
to the situation.
Um, I did want to I did want to ask you
about something uh else as far as one
more step. So, as far as what you're
doing now, um, drawing more attention to
it, calling out more people to, uh,
condemn this situation or at least to
take steps to stop this from happening
in the future. But there's one more
avenue I I've heard about that you may
be pursuing some
uh, some illegal illegal option. Uh, so
is what's going on there?
>> Yes. Well, I was expecting that hijab is
going to at least apologize. It was very
long ago. He didn't I expected that our
scholars in Shuk would correct him
Islamically. Sadly, this didn't happen
except for one single channel who
addressed that from an Islamic
perspective which is knowledge north and
I am here to echo what he shared and uh
also I thought that I have to highlight
the fact that if Muhammad hijab's uh
preachings and practices and influence
spread this is going to uh create a very
big issue uh socially. So, um, as long
as he didn't apologize, he doubled down
on his actions, I decided that it's a
very strong and right, uh, step to try
to take this to court.
And yeah, that the very the very least
we would want to see out of a lawsuit. I
I I have to say, you know, matter of
fact, I'll say Muhammad Hijab, Muhammad
Hijab, uh if you make this right, if you
go ahead and make this right before
before Sister Aisha has to sue you and
so on, if you make this right, you
contact her, uh you do whatever she says
to make it right with her and then you
acknowledge your own deception in all
this. In other words, you acknowledge
that that ridiculously idiotically
stupid fake uh photoshopped screenshot
that you you and your community put out.
The fake AI confession you like the
level of deception in your brain that
made you think that that is a good thing
to do. We'll just we'll we'll run we'll
make a fake confession and put it in her
voice on AI that anyone can then plug in
and say, "Oh yeah, it's AI." uh the fact
that you think you could get away with
that and that you have no problem doing
that, that you have no problem just
lying about people, acknowledge that.
Just admit admit everything you've done
that is public. If you're if there's
other stuff you've done behind the
scenes, you want to deal that deal with
that behind the scenes. I'm
I'm not your boss here. The stuff where
you have publicly lied about Aisha and
about others, you got to apologize. You
got to apologize for all that and
acknowledge what you've done. uh you
need to apologize to Shik Tana and admit
admit that either you or your community
whatever who's whoever is whoever's
lying and blackmailing it apologize for
that and do whatever he says is required
to make things right. Apologize for you
guys attacking Salman and so on for just
trying to help a a victim of you guys.
Do all of that do all of that basic
stuff which is basically on the level of
being a man being a man. Do all that
stuff. I will never mention this again.
I will never mention it again ever at
any point in my entire life. Um, if you
do not do that, I uh then
then we're we're all we're all going to
support Aisha. We're all going to
support Aisha in suing you until you are
forced by courts to do that sort of
thing. Um,
>> yes. And this is this is very well said
because even the apology that so many
people uh have heard she Muhammad Arona
uh say a lot of threats and a lot of
other nasty actions happened afterwards.
So it wasn't really a real apology to
start with.
I am looking forward for the right
things to happen. There is nothing that
could possibly um pay back the the
degree of damage that that that that was
caused from all these actions. No one is
going to give you your life back. No one
is going to understand how much low you
felt uh when you did go through all of
these things. And I'm talking here about
as as a voice of all the women that have
gone through these things, not only
myself. There are a lot of implications
uh that came from these actions.
And the only right thing to do is to
echo the right Islamic ethics publicly
and to apologize to all the women and
children that he has harmed as long as
the scholars as long as the all the
people that got involved in this case
and they got harmed by Muhammad hijab.
>> Yes. So bottom line, Muhammad Hijab, um
you are all you've always seemed willing
to throw everyone around you under the
bus uh to destroy every life around you,
destroy the lives of everyone around
you, all for your own benefit. We're
saying for once in your life, just stop
that. Stop it. You're being exposed.
There's no there's no way you're there's
no way you're avoiding this or just
sweeping this under the rug. We're going
to keep coming at you until you do the
right thing for once in your otherwise
pathetic life. Do the right thing in
this situation. Be a man for once. Admit
what you've done. Admit the horrible
things you've done and move on. And
again, I won't bring it up again. Make
this situation right. I will never
mention it again. That's the best you're
going to get because otherwise we're
going to keep mentioning it every time
uh your name comes up. Uh okay, Thaddius
Abdullah, what what can we all do out?
What can we all do to help uh Sister
Aisha out here with this one?
Yeah, I'm going to say as a human being
first and foremost. Also, as a
Christian, I feel it's my responsibility
to fight for people who are victims, to
stand up for what's right. And for that
reason, I want to point out that Aisha
has started a fundraiser to aid with
legal costs, uh, get a lawyer's opinion
on how strong the case is. And I'll also
point out that she has had to move.
She's had, as it was told in the story,
she lived across the street from
Muhammad Hijab's mother's house. So,
people knew where she lived, right?
People who are very loyal and
enthusiastic about supporting Muhammad
Hijab.
>> Hey, quick question. Quick question.
Quick question, Thaddius. Would be,
would these be the same kinds of guys
who like stormed Mui Le's house and so
on? So, they're kind of serious.
>> Yeah, I I I think so. I mean, I'm not
saying that anyone did that, but there
was certainly a serious possible.
>> That's what I'm saying. I'm saying the
point is there there are pe there are pe
there are people over there who are like
just really staunch defenders of their
dawa guy and are willing to go to
extreme lengths to deal with any anyone
who's bothering them. Right. We and we
the point is we know that for a fact
because we've seen other situations
where these guys like storm someone's
house and so on.
>> Yeah. Absolutely. So, for those reasons,
I strongly endorse people donating to
the fundraiser, and I have done so
myself. And of course, there'll be a
link to that in the video description.
Okay, guys. So, there's a link in the
video description um to uh Aisha's
fundraiser. it's going to
um
there's no way of telling what what
things are going to cost or or what what
uh basically what what you can actually
sue for, but there's clear there's
clearly a bunch of lying about Aisha and
again with a with a a photoshopped uh
screenshot calling her a liar uh uh an
AI generated fake confession. All this
is like destroying her ability to
function in the Muslim community. So,
they've done serious damages. I don't
know what they can held be held
accountable for, but I hope Aisha finds
out and uh even to talk to a lawyer, get
a lawyer to take a look at all this
stuff is going to cost some money. So,
be sure to support her. Click on that
link and and support her. Uh Abdullah,
I'll give you any any final thoughts
before we close out.
>> Yeah, I mean, who do who do they have?
They Muhammad hijab has all of his da
guys supporting him. Who does Aisha
have? She has all of us. And we are all
different and cannot be any more
similar. But we are so different. We
live in different countries even. We
live in different places and we're all
coming together. So we're not hijab.
We're not going to let you get away with
this. Your lies, your fake, all that
stuff you did, the blackmailing, you're
not going to get away with it. It's time
to just, you know, call it quits. Say
sorry for what you did and end it
because we're not going to let this
drop. We're going to continue coming
after you until you deal with this the
way that Aisha wants you to deal with
this and the way it should be dealt
with.
>> Absolutely. And so for everyone who's
watching, whatever your perspective is,
um there are two kinds of people. Either
you think it's okay to uh abuse and
manipulate and take advantage of women,
or you don't. If you're in that first
category, uh I think you're a scumbag.
I'm not talking to you. um for everyone
else for everyone else who believes it's
it's wrong to uh abuse women in this way
or in the case of Imam Nick uh uh
abusing children and so on. This stuff
if you believe this stuff needs to be
called out and exposed even if it's in a
different community. It has to be it has
to be done for the good of your fellow
human beings. I encourage you to uh
contribute to that fundraiser so that uh
Aisha can see uh how to move forward.
All right, everyone. So that's part one.
That's part one. We've got more to cover
in part two. Links to everyone's uh
channels and so on and to the fundraiser
are all in the description. We'll catch
you all next time.